1、POWER SUPPLY SYSTEM,  CONTROL METHOD FOR ELECTRIC VEHICLES AND ELECTRIC VEHICLE

标题（翻译）：电源系统，电动车辆的控制方法和电动车辆

摘要：A power supply system for an electric vehicle includes :  a battery system including one battery pack or a plurality of battery packs connected in parallel which is/are controlled by a Battery Management System (BMS) to connected to and disconnect from a high- voltage DC bus of the electric vehicle,  wherein the battery system powers the electric vehicle;  a range extender (3) to generate a DC current so as to charge the battery system and/or power he electric vehicle;  a controller (4) to control a power generating mode of the range extender (3),  to control a connection status of each battery pack with the high-voltage DC bus of the electric vehicle,  and/or to control a connection status of he range extender (3) with the high-voltage DC bus of the electric vehicle;  and a plurality of switches arranged between each battery pack and the high-voltage DC bus of the electric vehicle,  and/or between the range extender (3) and he high-voltage DC bus of the electric vehicle. A control method and an electric vehicle using he power supply system are also described. The parallel battery system is used together with the range extender to power the electric vehicle,  featurng modularization,  integration/easy maintenance,  and high reliabiliy.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于电动车辆的电源系统，包括 :  一种电池系统，包括并联连接的一个电池组或多个电池组，所述电池组由电池管理系统(BMS)控制以连接到所述电动车辆的高压DC总线和从所述电动车辆的高压DC总线断开，其中所述电池系统为所述电动车辆供电； 增程器(3)，用于产生直流电流以对电池系统充电和/或为电动车辆供电； 控制增程器(3)的发电模式的控制器(4)； 控制每个电池组与电动车辆的高压DC总线的连接状态，和/或控制增程器(3)与电动车辆的高压DC总线的连接状态； 以及多个开关，设置在每个电池组和电动车辆的高压直流母线之间和/或范围扩展器(3)和电动车辆的高压直流母线之间。 本发明还描述了一种使用该电源系统的控制方法和电动车辆。 并联电池系统与增程器共同为电动车提供动力，具有模块化，集成化/易维护，可靠性高的特点。

公开（公告）号：IN201817046480A

公开（公告）日：2019-02-08

申请号：IN201817046480

申请日：2018-12-07

申请人：SUZHOU DSM GREEN POWER LTD





2、SPEECH SYNTHESIZER FOR PERSONS WITH SPEECH IMPAIRMENT

标题（翻译）：语音障碍的人的声音合成装置

摘要：A speech synthesizer (100) for persons with speech impairment comprises a first module (101) that facilitates :  the collection of the brain activities of one or more users/persons (1011) using an Electroencephalogram (EEG),  the amplification of collected EEG signals,  the conversion of the amplified EEG signals from analog form into digital form,  and storing of the EEG signals in digital form on a permanent storage;  a second module (102) that comprising a first unit (1021) that facilitates to pre-process the EEG signals received from the first module (101) to remove the noise signals,  a second unit (1022) that facilitates the feature extraction of the pre- processed EEG signals using band power techniques,  a third unit (1023) that facilitates the classification of the feature extracted signals into different patterns and identifying the pattern analysed from the brain activities to generate one or more control signals;  and a third module (103) that facilitates presenting of the current status and output of the first module (101) and second module (102),  and produces a visual and audio output of the brain activity identified from the EEG signals collected from the one or more users/persons (1011). Figure to be included is Figure 1

摘要（翻译）：语音合成器(100)的人说话障碍包括第一模块(101)，其有助于 : 收集一个或多个用户的脑活动/人(1011)使用脑电图(EEG)，采集脑电信号放大，所述放大后的脑电信号从模拟形式转换成数字形式，所述脑电信号以数字形式和存储在永久存储；第第二模块(102)，其包括第一单元(1021)，其有助于从接收到的脑电信号预处理第一模块(101)，以除去噪声信号，第第二单元(1022)，其有助于预处理后的脑电信号特征提取采用带动力技术第第三单元(1023)，它便于分类的特征提取的信号变化成不同的式样和辨识的图样从脑活动分析以生成一个或多个控制信号；和第三模块(103)，其有助于呈现第一的当前状态和输出模块(101)，第二模块(102)，并产生视觉和听觉上输出所述识别从所述脑电信号采集的脑活动的一个或多个用户/人(1011)。附图被包括为图1

公开（公告）号：IN201841044575A

公开（公告）日：2018-12-07

申请号：IN201841044575

申请日：2018-11-27

申请人：Mr S KARTHEESWARAN; Dr G EMAYAVARAMBAN; Dr S RAMKUMAR





3、上肢手外骨骼康复机器人

标题（翻译）：The upper limbs of the exoskeleton rehabilitation robot hand

摘要：本发明公开了一种上肢手外骨骼康复机器人，属于数据处理技术领域，本发明通过让患者观看虚拟现实影像，让其完成虚拟现实任务，帮助患者集中注意力，在脑电信号的采集识别方面识别率达到96.7％。在产品对于中枢神经系统疾病的恢复程度(以脑卒中为例)对数十患者对照实验一周后，采用本系统进行的康复训练要比未采用本系统进行康复训练的患者恢复程度明显加快。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses a upper limb hand exoskeleton rehabilitation robot,  belonging to the data processing technology field,  the invention through to allow the patient to watch the virtual reality Image,  let to the completion of its virtual reality task,  help the patient to focus,  in the EEG signal collection identification recognition rate reach 96.7%. In the product for central nervous system diseases of the degree of recovery (in order to cerebral apoplexy as an example) on several scores of patients control experiment after a week,  the system of the rehabilitation training than not using the system carry out the rehabilitation training of the patient to restore the degree is obviously to speed up.

公开（公告）号：CN109276408A

公开（公告）日：2019-01-29

申请号：CN201811189278.2

申请日：2018-10-12

申请人：杭州航弈生物科技有限责任公司

当前法律状态：实质审查





4、BUFFER TUBES FOR FIBER OPTIC CABLES

标题（翻译）：光缆用缓冲管

摘要：Buffer tubes made from a composition comprising :  (A) polypropylene (B) high density polyethylene (HDPE) (C) propylene-ethylene copolymer (PE copolymer) (D) olefin block composite and (E) optionally one or more of a nucleating agent filler and additive exhibit reduced stress whitening as compared to buffer tubes made from conventional polypropylene compositions.

摘要（翻译）：与由常规聚丙烯组合物制成的缓冲管相比，由包含(a)聚丙烯(b)高密度聚乙烯(HDPE)(c)丙烯-乙烯共聚物(PE共聚物)(d)烯烃嵌段复合材料和(e)任选的成核剂填料和添加剂中的一种或多种的组合物制成的缓冲管显示出降低的应力增白。

公开（公告）号：IN201817038325A

公开（公告）日：2019-01-04

申请号：IN201817038325

申请日：2018-10-09

申请人：DOW GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC; ESSEGHIR Mohamed; SUN Gangwei; GONG Yonghua





5、包括无线透皮链路的可植入医疗设备

标题（翻译）：Skin link comprises a wireless transmission of the implantable medical device

摘要：本申请公开了包括无线透皮链路的可植入医疗设备，所述医疗设备包括外部单元和可植入单元。外部单元包括：电子单元，其在工作时连接到发射器线圈；包括环结构的线圈单元；固定单元，其被配置成将环结构i)接近可植入接收器线圈及ii)绕用户的身体部位使得身体部位的一部分位于环结构的中空部分内而连接到用户身体。可植入单元包括：可植入接收器线圈；处理单元，配置成i)处理所接收的数据信号，和/或ii)利用所接收的能量用于可植入单元的至少一元件的运行；其中无线透皮链路包括发射器线圈与接收器线圈之间的耦合，及当环结构使用固定单元进行连接时，响应于发射器线圈的激励产生的至少大量磁力线通过可植入接收器线圈。

摘要（翻译）：The present application discloses a wireless permeabilized skin link of the implantable medical device,  the medical device includes the external unit and the implantable unit. The external unit comprises :  electronic unit,  when in work coupled to the transmitter coil;  includes the ring structure of the coil unit;  a fixed unit,  which is configured for the ring structure i) close to the implantable receiver coil and ii) around the body part of the user so that a portion of the body part is located within the hollow portion of the ring structure being connected to the user' s body. Implantable unit comprises :  implantable receiver coil;  processing unit,  configured to i) processing the received data signal,  and/or ii) using the received energy for implantable unit at least one of the plurality of components;  wherein the wireless permeabilized skin link includes a transmitter coil and a receiver coil between the coupling,  and the ring structure connected to the fixed unit,  in response to the transmitter coil excitation generating at least a large number of lines to pass through the receiver coil can be implanted.

公开（公告）号：CN109381788A

公开（公告）日：2019-02-26

申请号：CN201810918768.5

申请日：2018-08-13

申请人：奥迪康医疗有限公司

当前法律状态：公开





6、IMPLANTABLE MEDICAL DEVICE COMPRISING A WIRELESS TRANSCUTANEOUS LINK

标题（翻译）：包括无线经皮链路的可植入医疗设备

摘要：According to an embodiment,  a medical device is disclosed. The medical device includes an external unit and an implantable unit. The external unit includes an electronic unit operationally coupled to a transmitter coil that is configured transmit power and/or data signal over a wireless transcutaneous link,  a coil unit comprising a loop structure with the transmitter coil being wound around and along at least a part of length of the loop structure,  and a fixation unit configured to attach the loop structure to a user' s body i) proximal to an implantable receiver coil that is configured to be implanted within a body part,  and ii) around a body part of a user such that a part of the body part is positioned in a hollow section of the loop structure. The implantable unit includes the implantable receiver coil configured to receive the power and/or data signal over the wireless transcutaneous link,  a processing unit configured to i) process the received data signal to control functionalities of at least one of the components of the implantable unit,  and/or ii) utilize the received power for operation of at least one of the components of the implantable unit. The wireless transcutaneous link includes a coupling between the transmitter coil and the receiver coil,  and when the loop structure is attached using the fixation unit,  at least a substantial number of magnetic field lines generated in response to excitation of the transmitter coil passes through the implantable receiver coil.

摘要（翻译）：根据一个实施例，公开了一种医疗装置。 所述医疗装置包括外部单元和可植入单元。 外部单元包括可操作地耦合到发射线圈的电子单元，所述发射线圈被配置为通过无线经皮链路发射功率和/或数据信号， 一个线圈单元，包括一个环路结构，发射线圈绕在该环路结构的至少一部分长度上并沿着该环路结构的至少一部分长度缠绕， 以及固定单元，被配置为将环结构附接到使用者的身体上，i)靠近被配置为植入身体部分内的可植入接收器线圈， 和ii)围绕使用者的身体部分，使得身体部分的一部分位于环结构的中空部分中。 所述可植入单元包括可植入接收器线圈，所述可植入接收器线圈被配置为通过所述无线经皮链路接收所述功率和/或数据信号， 处理单元，被配置为i)处理所接收的数据信号以控制可植入单元的至少一个部件的功能，和/或ii)利用所接收的功率来操作可植入单元的至少一个部件。 所述无线经皮链路包括所述发射线圈和所述接收器线圈之间的耦合，并且当使用所述固定单元附接所述环路结构时，响应于所述发射线圈的激励而产生的至少大量磁力线穿过所述可植入接收器线圈。

公开（公告）号：US20190051988A1

公开（公告）日：2019-02-14

申请号：US16100875

申请日：2018-08-10

申请人：Oticon Medical A/S





7、SECURE SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE FOR INTEGRATED MOTORIZED MOBILE SYSTEMS

标题（翻译）：用于集成的机动化移动系统的安全系统体系结构

摘要：Systems and methods are disclosed herein for secure communication of data between motorized mobile systems (MMS) and external devices,  systems,  networks,  and servers. The data may include one or more of user,  health,  environment,  and system data retrieved from one or more sensors located in,  on,  and around an MMS. The MMS stores and/or transmits the sensor data using secure protocols when the sensor data relates to personal information,  such as personal health data,  to protect the privacy of the user.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了用于在机动化移动系统(MMS)与外部设备，系统，网络和服务器之间安全通信数据的系统和方法。 数据可以包括从位于MMS中，上和周围的一个或多个传感器检索的用户，健康，环境和系统数据中的一个或多个。 当传感器数据涉及诸如个人健康数据的个人信息时，MMS使用安全协议存储和/或发送传感器数据，以保护用户的隐私。

公开（公告）号：WO2019032861A1

公开（公告）日：2019-02-14

申请号：WOUS18046059

申请日：2018-08-09

申请人：PATRONESS LLC





8、MEDICAL DEVICE FOR SENSING AND OR STIMULATING TISSUE

标题（翻译）：用于感测和/或刺激组织的医疗装置

摘要：Devices,  methods and systems for transmitting signals through a device located in a blood vessel of an animal,  for stimulating and/or sensing activity of media proximal to the device,  wherein the media includes tissue and/or fluid.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及用于通过位于动物血管中的装置传输信号的装置，方法和系统，用于刺激和/或感测靠近所述装置的介质的活性，其中所述介质包括组织和/或流体。

公开（公告）号：US20190038438A1

公开（公告）日：2019-02-07

申请号：US16054657

申请日：2018-08-03

申请人：Sam Emmanuel JOHN; Nicholas Lachlan OPIE; Thomas James OXLEY





9、MEDICAL DEVICE FOR SENSING AND OR STIMULATING TISSUE

标题（翻译）：用于感测和/或刺激组织的医疗装置

摘要：Devices,  methods and systems for transmitting signals through a device located in a blood vessel of an animal,  for stimulating and/or sensing activity of media proximal to the device,  wherein the media includes tissue and/or fluid.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及用于通过位于动物血管中的装置传输信号的装置，方法和系统，用于刺激和/或感测靠近所述装置的介质的活性，其中所述介质包括组织和/或流体。

公开（公告）号：WO2019028394A1

公开（公告）日：2019-02-07

申请号：WOUS18045228

申请日：2018-08-03

申请人：THE UNIVERSITY OF MELBOURNE; OXLEY Thomas James





10、IMPLANTABLE MEDICAL DEVICE COMPRISING A WIRELESS TRANSCUTANEOUS LINK

标题（翻译）：包括无线经皮链路的可植入医疗设备

摘要：According to an embodiment,  a medical device is disclosed. The medical device includes an external unit and an implantable unit. The external unit includes an electronic unit operationally coupled to a transmitter coil that is configured transmit power and/ or data signal over a wireless transcutaneous link,  a coil unit comprising a loop structure with the transmitter coil being wound around and along at least a part of length of the loop structure,  and a fixation unit configured to attach the loop structure to a user' s body i) proximal to an implantable receiver coil that is configured to be implanted within a body part,  and ii) around a body part of a user such that a part of the body part is positioned in a hollow section of the loop structure. The implantable unit includes the implantable receiver coil configured to receive the power and/ or data signal over the wireless transcutaneous link,  a processing unit configured to i) process the received data signal to control functionalities of at least one of the components of the implantable unit,  and/ or ii) utilize the received power for operation of at least one of the components of the implantable unit. The wireless transcutaneous link includes a coupling between the transmitter coil and the receiver coil,  and when the loop structure is attached using the fixation unit,  at least a substantial number of magnetic field lines generated in response to excitation of the transmitter coil passes through the implantable receiver coil.

摘要（翻译）：根据一个实施例，公开了一种医疗装置。 所述医疗装置包括外部单元和可植入单元。 外部单元包括可操作地耦合到发射线圈的电子单元，所述发射线圈被配置为通过无线经皮链路发射功率和/或数据信号， 一个线圈单元，包括一个环路结构，发射线圈绕在该环路结构的至少一部分长度上并沿着该环路结构的至少一部分长度缠绕， 以及固定单元，被配置为将环结构附接到使用者的身体上，i)靠近被配置为植入身体部分内的可植入接收器线圈， 和ii)围绕使用者的身体部分，使得身体部分的一部分位于环结构的中空部分中。 所述可植入单元包括可植入接收器线圈，所述可植入接收器线圈被配置为通过所述无线经皮链路接收所述功率和/或数据信号， 处理单元，被配置为i)处理所接收的数据信号以控制可植入单元的至少一个部件的功能，和/或ii)利用所接收的功率来操作可植入单元的至少一个部件。 所述无线经皮链路包括所述发射线圈和所述接收器线圈之间的耦合，并且当使用所述固定单元附接所述环路结构时，响应于所述发射线圈的激励而产生的至少大量磁力线穿过所述可植入接收器线圈。

公开（公告）号：EP3441111A1

公开（公告）日：2019-02-13

申请号：EP18186271

申请日：2018-07-30

申请人：Oticon Medical A/S





11、METHOD FOR PREPARING A GRAFT COPOLYMER WITH A POLYOLEFIN BACKBONE AND POLYORGANOSILOXANE PENDANT GROUPS

标题（翻译）：制备具有聚烯烃主链和聚有机硅氧烷侧基的接枝共聚物的方法

摘要：A method for preparing a graft copolymer having a polyolefin backbone and polyorganosiloxane pendant groups can be catalyzed by a Lewis Acid catalyst,  Piers- Rubenstzjan catalyst,  or hydrosilylation reaction catalyst. The graft copolymer prepared by the method is useful as a thermoplastic elastomer or as a compatibilizer in compositions containing both a polyolefin and a polyorganosiloxane.

摘要（翻译）：一种制备具有聚烯烃主链和聚有机硅氧烷侧基的接枝共聚物的方法，可由路易斯酸催化剂，Piers-Rubenstzjan催化剂或氢化硅烷化反应催化剂催化。 通过该方法制备的接枝共聚物可用作热塑性弹性体或在含有聚烯烃和聚有机硅氧烷的组合物中用作相容剂。

公开（公告）号：WO2019023008A1

公开（公告）日：2019-01-31

申请号：WOUS18042588

申请日：2018-07-18

申请人：DOW SILICONES CORPORATION





12、女性内衣虚拟设计设备与系统

标题（翻译）：Women' s underwear virtual design equipment and system

摘要：女性内衣虚拟设计设备与系统，包括穿戴装置1、头戴设备2、智能终端4、云服务器3、应用程序、设计师，其中，穿戴装置1为文胸外形的道具，设置多个独立可控充气抽气系统17，模拟松紧、提升挤压、增大、按摩体验，由内置传感器将数据传输到云服务器3，用户在虚拟现实环境下，设计内衣。

摘要（翻译）：Women' s underwear virtual design equipment and system,  including wearing the device 1,  the head-mounted device 2,  intelligent terminal 4,  cloud server 3,  application program,  designers,  wherein wear device 1 for the bra of the appearance of the props,  set up a plurality of independently controllable pneumatic pumping system 17,  analog tightness,  lifting extrusion,  increase,  massage experience,  by a built-in sensor data is transmitted to a cloud server 3,  the user in the virtual reality environment,  design underwear.

公开（公告）号：CN108846903A

公开（公告）日：2018-11-20

申请号：CN201810748446.0

申请日：2018-06-29

申请人：厦门波耐模型设计有限责任公司

当前法律状态：实质审查





13、HUMAN-MACHINE INTERACTION METHOD BASED ON VISUAL STIMULATIONS

标题（翻译）：一种基于视觉刺激的人机交互方法

摘要：A human-machine interaction method based on visual stimulations. The method can be applied to multiple new technical fields of display,  which comprise but are not limited to the fields of virtual reality (VR),  augmented reality (AR),  mixed reality (MR),  holographic projection and glasses-free 3D. The system consists of three parts :  a human body biological collection apparatus,  a software client for human-machine interaction and a display terminal. Input ports of the software client are connected to a human body physiological signal collection device (in a wired or wireless manner);  a user wears the collection device,  and communication ports of the client are respectively connected to communication ports of a display module by means of a multichannel communication module. Firstly,  the system is initialized,  and then starts to run based on a control method of visual stimulations (an object flicker or distortion). If a target is a text input target,  an interface is switched to a text input interface,  and texts are inputted by using a physiological signal detection algorithm for a human body. If the target is not a text input target,  the type of information is determined by using a detection algorithm of a specific physiological signal and visual stimulation feedback information,  so as to complete the interaction. Search and switching can be performed among text input boxes,  selection options and multiple directories,  and a bottom layer of the directories can be reached,  so as to select a target.

摘要（翻译）：一种基于视觉刺激的人机交互方法，该方法可以应用于多种新的显示技术领域，包含且不限于虚拟现实(VR)、增强现实(AR)、混合现实(MR)、全息投影、裸眼3D等领域。系统由人体生物采集装置、人机交互的软件客户端、显示终端三部分组成。软件客户端的输入端口与人体生理信号采集设备(有线或者无线方式)相连，使用者戴上采集设备，客户端的通讯端口分别通过多通道通讯模块与显示模块的通讯端口相连。首先系统初始化，然后基于视觉刺激(物体闪烁或者变形)的控制方法开始运行。如果是文字输入类目标，则界面切换为文本输入界面，使用人体生理的信号检测算法实现文字输入。如果不是文本输入类目标，特定生理信号的检测算法，及视觉刺激反馈信息判定信息类型，完成交互。够在文本输入框、选择项、多目录之间进行查找切换，能够深入到目录最底层，进行的目标选择。

公开（公告）号：WO2019001360A1

公开（公告）日：2019-01-03

申请号：WOCN18092392

申请日：2018-06-22

申请人：SOUTH CHINA UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY





14、DIGITAL SIGNAL PROCESSING USING SLIDING WINDOWED INFINITE FOURIER TRANSFORM

标题（翻译）：滑动窗口无限傅里叶变换在数字信号处理中的应用

摘要：Systems and methods for digital signal processing using a sliding windowed infinite Fourier transform (“SWIFT”) algorithm are described. A discrete-time Fourier transform (“DTFT”) of an input signal is computed over an infinite-length temporal window that is slid from one sample in the input signal to the next. The DTFT with the temporal window at a given sample point is effectively calculated by phase shifting and decaying the DTFT calculated when the temporal window was positioned at the previous sample point and adding the current sample to the result. The SWIFT algorithms are stable and allow for improved computational efficiency,  improved frequency resolution,  improved sampling,  reduced memory requirements,  and reduced spectral leakage.

摘要（翻译）：描述了使用滑动窗口无限傅里叶变换(“SWIFT”)算法的数字信号处理的系统和方法。 输入信号的离散时间傅立叶变换(“DTFT”)在从输入信号中的一个样本滑动到下一个样本的无限长时间窗口上计算。 通过相移和衰减当时间窗位于前一采样点处时计算的DTFT，并将当前样本添加到结果中，有效地计算在给定采样点处具有时间窗的DTFT。 SWIFT算法稳定，可提高计算效率、改善频率分辨率、改善采样、降低存储器要求并降低频谱泄漏。

公开（公告）号：US20180365194A1

公开（公告）日：2018-12-20

申请号：US16009829

申请日：2018-06-15

申请人：REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA





15、Method and Apparatus for Entraining Signals

标题（翻译）：一种携带信号的方法及装置

摘要：Methods and apparatus configured to allow for users to intentionally interface with an external signal are provided. The methods and apparatus incorporate a randomly-generated electronic signal the behavior of which may be influenced to provide a control output. The methods and apparatus provide a temporal coherence measure influenced by a user that improves the ability to discriminate between intentionality and non-intentionality,  and allow for the control of switching,  communication,  feedback and mechanical movement.

摘要（翻译）：提供了被配置为允许用户有意地与外部信号接口的方法和设备。 所述方法和设备包括随机产生的电子信号，其行为可被影响以提供控制输出。 所述方法和装置提供了受用户影响的时间一致性度量，其提高了区分意向性和非意向性的能力，并且允许控制切换、通信、反馈和机械运动。

公开（公告）号：US20180348864A1

公开（公告）日：2018-12-06

申请号：US15993348

申请日：2018-05-30

申请人：Interchange Laboratories Inc





16、METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR ENTRAINING SIGNALS

标题（翻译）：用于信号的方法和装置

摘要：Methods and apparatus configured to allow for users to intentionally interface with an external signal are provided. The methods and apparatus incorporate a randomly- generated electronic signal the behavior of which may be influenced to provide a control output. The methods and apparatus provide a temporal coherence measure influenced by a user that improves the ability to discriminate between intentionality and non- intentionality,  and allow for the control of switching,  communication,  feedback and mechanical movement.

摘要（翻译）：方法和装置被配置为允许用户有意接口与外部的信号被提供。所述方法和装置将随机产生的行为可影响电子信号以提供控制输出。本发明的方法和装置，其提供一种提高了用户的时间相干性测量的影响能力进行区分的intentionality和非intentionality，并允许切换控制，通讯，和机械运动反馈。

公开（公告）号：WO2018222747A1

公开（公告）日：2018-12-06

申请号：WOUS18035184

申请日：2018-05-30

申请人：INTERCHANGE LABORATORIES INC

当前法律状态：暂缺





17、伺寝机器人物联网系统

标题（翻译）：[...] machine Figures networking system

摘要：伺寝机器人物联网系统由伺寝机器人本体和物联网系统组成，其中，伺寝机器人本体包含环境监测、生理监测、睡眠监测、声光电控制、智能储物柜、中央数据处理、机械臂，物联网系统感知并执行伺寝机器人指令，满足用户寝室活动需求。

摘要（翻译）：[...] machine Figures networking system by [...] robot body and a networking system object,  wherein [...] robot main body comprises environmental monitoring,  physiological monitoring,  sleep monitoring,  acousto-optic-electric control,  intelligent storage cabinet,  the central data processing,  mechanical arm,  and the implementation of the object networking system sensing [...] robot instruction,  the activities of the user sleeping rooms to meet the demand.

公开（公告）号：CN108769224A

公开（公告）日：2018-11-06

申请号：CN201810568725.9

申请日：2018-05-23

申请人：厦门波耐模型设计有限责任公司

当前法律状态：实质审查





18、SELECTIVE DRY ETCHING OF METAL FILMS COMPRISING MULTIPLE METAL OXIDES

标题（翻译）：选择性干蚀刻的金属薄膜，该薄膜包括多种金属氧化物

摘要：A process to selectively etch a substrate surface comprising multiple metal oxides comprising exposing the substrate surface to a halogenation agent,  and then exposing the substrate surface to a ligand transfer agent. The etch rate of the metals in the multiple metal oxides is substantially uniform.

摘要（翻译）：选择性地蚀刻衬底表面的方法包括多种金属氧化物包括暴露衬底表面，以卤化剂，然后将衬底暴露表面的配体转移剂。蚀刻速率的多种金属氧化物中的金属基本上是均匀的。

公开（公告）号：WO2018217753A1

公开（公告）日：2018-11-29

申请号：WOUS18033891

申请日：2018-05-22

申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC

当前法律状态：暂缺





19、轻量入耳式睡眠分期系统

标题（翻译）：Lightweight in-ear type sleep staging system

摘要：本发明公开了一种轻量入耳式睡眠分期系统，包括信号采集模块，信号处理模块，信号分离模块以及睡眠分期模块，信号采集模块连接信号处理模块，信号处理模块连接信号分离模块，信号分离模块连接睡眠分期模块；信号采集模块用于信采集耳内混合的单通道生物电号，信号处理模块将单通道生物电信号转换为数字信号；信号分离模块将基于非负矩阵分解的模型与通过训练过程学习的源特定信息相结合将数字信号分离为脑电信号、眼电信号以及面部肌肉电信号三种生物信号；睡眠分期模块通过分类器分析脑电信号、眼电信号以及面部肌肉电信号三种生物信号的特征属性得出睡眠分期结果，该系统可以对人体的睡眠进行分期。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses a lightweight in-ear type sleep staging system. The system comprises a signal acquisition module,  a signal processing module,  a signal separation module and a sleep staging module. The signal acquisition module is connected to the signal processing module,  the signal processing module is connected to the signal separation module,  and the signal separation module is connected to the sleep staging module. The signal acquisition module is used for acquiring single-channel bioelectrical signals mixed in the ears;  the signal processing module converts the single-channel bioelectrical signals into digital signals;  the signal separation module combines a model based on non-negative matrix factorization with source-specific information passing through training process learning to separate the digital signals into three kinds of biological signals including the brain electrical signals,  the eye electrical signals and the facial muscle electrical signals;  the sleep staging module analyzes characteristic properties of three kinds of biological signals including the brain electrical signals,  the eye electrical signals and the facial muscle electrical signals through a classifier to obtain sleep staging results. According to the system,  staging can be performed on sleep of the human body.

公开（公告）号：CN108451505A

公开（公告）日：2018-08-28

申请号：CN201810351749.9

申请日：2018-04-19

申请人：广西欣歌拉科技有限公司

当前法律状态：实质审查





20、MECHANISMS FOR CHEMICAL SENSE RESPONSE IN MIXED REALITY

标题（翻译）：在混合现实中用于化学感觉响应的机制

摘要：Apparatus,  systems,  or methods for mixed reality with chemical sense response are disclosed herein. In embodiments,  an apparatus for a mixed reality computing with chemical sense response may include monitor logic and distribution logic. The monitor logic may collect data about a user' s response to a first set of stimulations to represent an actual chemical sense response by the user with respect to the first set of stimulations. Based on the collected data,  a variance between the actual chemical sense response by the user with respect to the first set of stimulations,  and a desired chemical sense response for the user with respect to the first set of stimulations may be determined. The distribution logic,  including circuitry,  may deliver to the user a second set of stimulations. Other embodiments may also be described and claimed.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了用于将现实与化学感觉响应混合的装置，系统或方法。 在实施例中，一种用于具有化学传感响应的混合现实计算的装置可以包括监控逻辑和分配逻辑。 所述监视器逻辑可收集关于用户对第一组刺激的响应的数据，以表示所述用户对所述第一组刺激的实际化学感觉响应。 基于所收集的数据，可以确定用户相对于第一组刺激的实际化学感觉响应和用户相对于第一组刺激的期望化学感觉响应之间的差异。 包括电路的分配逻辑可以向用户递送第二组刺激。 也可以描述和要求保护其它实施例。

公开（公告）号：US20190041975A1

公开（公告）日：2019-02-07

申请号：US15940903

申请日：2018-03-29

申请人：Intel Corporation





21、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR CORRECTING ERROR IN A FIRST CLASSIFIER BY EVALUATING CLASSIFIER OUTPUT IN PARALLEL

标题（翻译）：用于纠错的系统和方法第通过评估分类器中分类器输出并联

摘要：Systems and methods for classifying a test object are provided. For each respective target object in a plurality of target objects,  a first procedure is performed comprising (a) posing the test object against the respective target thereby obtaining an interaction between the test and target,  and (b) scoring the interaction with a first classifier. Each such score across the plurality of targets forms a test vector that is inputted into a second classifier thereby obtaining an indication of a target object. The second classifier is trained on training vectors,  each being the output from instances of the first classifier after inputting a corresponding training object in a plurality of training objects in accordance with the first procedure. Each object in one subset of the training objects is uniquely associated with one of the targets. Another subset of the training objects is not associated with the targets.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供的测试对象进行分类的系统和方法。对于每个相应的多个目标对象中的目标对象，第第一工序，包括(a)放置测试物体，从而得到各目标之间的交互测试靶，和(b)在外壳与第一分类器。每个这种分数在所述多个目标上形成测试向量来对输入到第二从而分级机获取目标对象的指示。第二来训练分类器的训练矢量，每个输出从输入相应的训练后的分类器第一的实例中的多个对象根据训练对象第一工序。一种实训对象的子集中的每个对象是唯一的一个相关联的目标。实训对象不相关联的另一个子集的目标。

公开（公告）号：WO2018183263A2

公开（公告）日：2018-10-04

申请号：WOUS18024474

申请日：2018-03-27

申请人：ATOMWISE INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





22、EDGE DEVICES,  SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR PROCESSING EXTREME DATA

标题（翻译）：边缘设备，用于处理极限数据的系统和方法

摘要：Systems,  devices and methods are provided that can make distributed and autonomous decision science based recommendations,  decisions,  and actions that increasingly become smarter and faster over time. The system includes intelligent computing devices,  networks,  electronic devices and other intelligent components or devices,  including intelligent transceivers,  receivers,  and buses. Each of these intelligent devices can optionally have the ability to transmit and receive new data or decision science,  software,  data,  and metadata to other intelligent devices and third party components and devices so that data or decision science,  whether real-time,  batch,  or manual processing,  can be updated and data or decision science driven queries,  recommendations and autonomous actions can be broadcasted to other intelligent devices and third party systems in real-time.

摘要（翻译）：系统，本发明提供的装置和方法可以使基于分布式和自治的决策科学的建议，决定，并且日益变得更灵巧的动作，并随时间更快。该系统包括智能计算设备，网络，电子装置和其他智能组件或装置，包括智能收发器，接收器，公交车上。各智能设备可以可选地发送和接收新数据的能力或者决策科学，软件，数据；与其他智能设备第三一方的元数据组件和装置使得数据或者决策科学，无论是实时的，批量，人工处理，可更新数据或科学决策驱动的查询，建议，自主动作能够被广播给其他智能设备第三一方实时系统。

公开（公告）号：WO2018170253A1

公开（公告）日：2018-09-20

申请号：WOUS18022616

申请日：2018-03-15

申请人：FACET LABS LLC

当前法律状态：暂缺





23、CU-AND NI-CATALYZED DECARBOXYLATIVE BORYLATION REACTIONS

标题（翻译）：borylation Cu和Ni催化脱羧反应，

摘要：The invention is directed to methods of converting a carboxylic acid group in a compound,  via a redox active ester,  to a corresponding boronic ester by treatment with bis(pinacolato)diboron-alkyllithium complex in the presence of a ligand,  a Ni(ll) salt or a copper salt,  and an Mg(ll) salt,  in the presence of an alkyllithium or a lithium hydroxide or alkoxide salt. The product pinacolato boronate ester can be cleaved to provide a boronic acid. The invention is also directed to methods of preparing various compounds of medical value comprising boronic acid groups,  and to novel boronic-acid containing compounds of medicinal value,  including an atorvastatin boronic acid analog,  a vancomycin aglycone boronic acid analog,  and boronic acid containing elastase inhibitors mCBK319,  mCBK320,  mCBK323,  and RPX-7009.

摘要（翻译）：本发明中涉及的方法将羧酸基团的化合物，通过氧化还原活性酯，一种处理相应的硼酸酯二(pinacolato)diboron)烷基锂配合物中的配体的存在下，Ni(L1)盐或铜盐，和Mg(L1)盐，在存在氢氧化物或醇盐的烷基锂或锂盐。联硼酸酯的产品可提供一种硼酸。本发明还涉及多种化合物的制备方法与含硼酸基团的药用价值，含酸的新的硼化合物和药用价值，硼酸包括阿托伐他汀类似物，万古霉素糖苷配基硼酸类似物，和含硼酸的弹性蛋白酶抑制剂mcbk319，mcbk320，mcbk323，和rpx-7009。

公开（公告）号：WO2018175173A1

公开（公告）日：2018-09-27

申请号：WOUS18022394

申请日：2018-03-14

申请人：THE SCRIPPS RESEARCH INSTITUTE

当前法律状态：暂缺





24、基于VR的视听触觉多模态手功能康复方法

标题（翻译）：VR-based audio-video-touch sense multi-mode hand function rehabilitation training method

摘要：一种基于VR的视听触觉多模态手功能康复训练方法。本方法采用的系统包括用户及其脑电信号采集和处理系统、虚拟现实多模态反馈训练系统。用户及其脑电信号采集和处理系统实时采集用户脑电波信号，首先进行滤波预处理，然后使用共空间模式算法进行特征提取，分析用户是否有运动想象意图，并将分类结果通过TCP/IP通讯传输给虚拟现实多模态反馈训练系统；虚拟现实多模态反馈训练系统主要包括：1)VR训练场景的设计2)视听触觉多模态反馈的实现。此外，训练时还可以选择背景音乐，结合电刺激仪，形成触感感受，最终实现视听触觉多模态反馈。

摘要（翻译）：The invention relates to a VR-based audio-video-touch sense multi-mode hand function rehabilitation training method. The employed system is composed of a user and electroencephalogram signal acquisition and processing system and a virtual reality multi-mode feedback training system. The user and electroencephalogram signal acquisition and processing system collects a brain wave signal of a user inreal time,  carries out filter preprocessing on the signal,  carries out feature extraction by using a common space mode algorithm,  analyzes whether the user has a motion imagination intention,  and transmits a classification result to the virtual reality multi-mode feedback training system by TCP/IP communication. The virtual reality multi-mode feedback training system is used for designing a VR training scene and realizing audio-video-touch sense multi-mode feedback. Besides,  during the training,  background music can be selected;  and with an electric stimulator,  a touch feeling is formed and thus audio-video-touch sense multi-mode feedback is realized.

公开（公告）号：CN108417249A

公开（公告）日：2018-08-17

申请号：CN201810181029.2

申请日：2018-03-06

申请人：上海大学

当前法律状态：实质审查





25、基于小波多分辨率复杂网络的脑电极优化方法及其应用

标题（翻译）：Wavelet multi-resolution complex network based brain electrode optimizing method and application thereof

摘要：一种基于小波多分辨率复杂网络的脑电极优化方法及其应用，通过便携式EEG脑电采集设备获取刺激图片诱发的SSVEP脑电信号，使用小波多分辨率复杂网络优化关键电极，并用实验脑电信号构建SVM支持向量机，用此支持向量机进行分类识别。本发明能够基于小波多分辨率复杂网络分析理论，找到起关键作用的电极，提高脑电数据的传输、处理效率；能够实现16自由度的控制，使得用户的控制更加精细、多样化；采用高频SSVEP，会产生闪烁融合效应使得使用者主观上感觉不到闪烁，但在脑电信号中仍可检测到SSVEP高频响应，大大降低了视觉疲劳。实现智能轮椅控制。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses a wavelet multi-resolution complex network based brain electrode optimizing method and application thereof. The wavelet multi-resolution complex network based brain electrode optimizing method is characterized in that an SSVEP brain electrical signal induced by a stimulating picture is obtained through a portable EEG acquisition instrument,  a key electrode is optimized through a wavelet multi-resolution complex network,  and a SVM (support vector machine) is constructed through an experimental brain electrical signal,  and the support vector machine is used for classifying and identifying. The wavelet multi-resolution complex network based brain electrode optimizing method disclosed by the invention can find an electrode with a key effect based on a wavelet multi-resolution complex network analysis theory,  improves transmission and treatment efficiency of brain electrical data,  and can realize 16-degree-of-freedom control,  so that control of the user is more fineand various;  and high-frequency SSVEP is adopted,  and a flicker fusion effect is generated,  so that a user does not feel flicker subjectively,  and SSVEP high-frequency response still can be detected in the brain electrical signal,  and therefore,  visual fatigue is greatly reduced,  and intelligent wheelchair control is realized.

公开（公告）号：CN108388345A

公开（公告）日：2018-08-10

申请号：CN201810167491.7

申请日：2018-02-28

申请人：天津大学

当前法律状态：实质审查





26、基于模态迁移复杂网络的机器人智能意念控制方法

标题（翻译）：Robot intelligent idea control method based on modal migration complex network

摘要：一种基于模态迁移复杂网络的机器人智能意念控制方法：通过机器人中每个机器人携带的图片采集设备，获取周围环境信息，使机器人具备目标识别功能；采集被试者注视视觉激励界面中闪烁图片时诱发的4电极SSVEP脑电信号，通过WiFi无线传输至上位机；使用多元经验模态分解方法对获得的4电极SSVEP脑电信号进行处理，并结合模态迁移复杂网络分析理论，实现对SSVEP脑电信号的准确分类，反推被试者注视的视觉激励图片，进而生成机器人编队控制指令，实现机器人智能意念控制。本发明使得机器人可选择的方向目标更为丰富。对信号的分析处理能力强，识别控制准确率高。

摘要（翻译）：The invention provides a robot intelligent idea control method based on a modal migration complex network. The method comprises the steps of through picture acquisition equipment carried by each robotin robots,  obtaining surrounding environment information,  so that the robot has a target recognition function;  acquiring a four-electrode SSVEP electroencephalogram induced when a testee stares at aflicking picture in a visual excitation interface and uploading the four-electrode SSVEP electroencephalogram to an upper computer through WiFi wirelessly;  using a polybasic experience modal decomposing method to process the obtained four-electrode SSVEP electroencephalogram,  through the combination of a modal migration complex network analysis theory,  accurately classifying the four-electrode SSVEP electroencephalogram,  reversely deducting the visual excitation picture stared by the testee,  then generating a robot formation control instruction and achieving robot intelligent idea control. Direction targets capable of being selected by the robot are richer,  and the analyzing and processing capability of the signal and the recognition control accuracy are high.

公开（公告）号：CN108415568A

公开（公告）日：2018-08-17

申请号：CN201810168227.5

申请日：2018-02-28

申请人：天津大学

当前法律状态：实质审查





27、便携式脑电采集设备及其在SSVEP和运动想象中的应用

标题（翻译）：Portable electroencephalogram collecting device and application thereof in SSVEP and sports imagery

摘要：一种便携式脑电采集设备及其在SSVEP和运动想象中的应用，设备包括：用于提供电源的系统供电电路，及依次连接的脑电极帽转接线、PGA放大电路、AD转换器、STM32处理器和WIFI模块。将压缩感知理论嵌入便携式脑电采集设备当中，在保证数据精度的前提下，很好地提升了数据的传输效率。在SSVEP和运动想象中的应用包括：用有限穿越可视图复杂网络对SSVEP脑电信号或运动想象EEG脑电信号进行数据分析，结合传统的机器学习以及深度学习理论，能够有效提高意念控制过程中的准确率，便携式脑电采集设备在更广泛领域的应用提供了可能。

摘要（翻译）：The invention provides a portable electroencephalogram collecting device and an application of the portable electroencephalogram collecting device in SSVEP and sports imagery. The device comprises a system electricity supply circuit used for providing a power supply,  as well as a brain electrode cap switch-over line,  a PGA amplification circuit,  an AD converter,  an STM32 processor and a WIFI module which are connected in sequence. The compressed sensing theory is embedded in the portable electroencephalogram collecting device,  under the premise that the data accuracy is guaranteed,  the transmission efficiency of data is well improved. The application of the portable electroencephalogram collecting device in SSVEP and sports imagery is as follows :  a limited crossing visibility graph complexnetwork is adopted for carrying out data analysis on the SSVEP electroencephalogram signals or the sports imagery EEG electroencephalogram signals,  compared with the traditional machine learning andin-depth learning theories,  the technical scheme provided by the invention has the advantage that the accuracy rate in the idea control process can be effectively improved,  and thus the application ofthe portable electroencephalogram collecting device in the wide fields becomes possible.

公开（公告）号：CN108433722A

公开（公告）日：2018-08-24

申请号：CN201810168228.X

申请日：2018-02-28

申请人：天津大学

当前法律状态：实质审查





28、融合递归图与深度学习的多目标SSVEP意念控制法及应用

标题（翻译）：Multi-target SSVEP idea control method and application thereof based on integration of recurrence plots and deep learning

摘要：一种融合递归图与深度学习的多目标SSVEP意念控制法及应用，增加相位信息，设计多目标SSVEP脑电实验刺激界面；获取8个以上被试者中每一个被试者经n个刺激图片诱发的n种SSVEP脑电信号；得到8个以上被试者在不同刺激图片诱发下的脑电信号的递归图；为每一个递归图设定标签作为样本，构建数据集；搭建和优化深度卷积神经网络模型结构及参数，确定能够用于有效分类由不同刺激图片诱发的SSVEP脑电信号的递归图的深度卷积神经网络模型；将新的被试者SSVEP脑电信号经相空间重构后，以递归图形式输入优化后的深度卷积神经网络模型，实现多目标SSVEP脑电信号准确分类；生成意念控制指令，实现多目标意念控制。本发明适合在多目标的复杂控制领域中应用。

摘要（翻译）：The invention provides a multi-target SSVEP idea control method and the application thereof based on the integration of recurrence plots and the deep learning. According to the invention,  the phase information is added,  and a multi-target SSVEP electroencephalogram experiment stimulation interface is designed. Meanwhile,  n SSVEP electroencephalogram signals induced by n stimulating pictures of each tested person in more than eight subjects are obtained. At the same time,  the recursion plots of the brain electrical signals of more than eight subjects under the induction of different stimulationpictures are obtained. A label is set for each recursion plot to serve as a sample,  and a data set is constructed. After that,  a deep convolution neural network model structure and parameters thereofare built and optimized. In this way,  a depth convolution neural network model which can be used for effectively classifying the recursion plots of SSVEP electroencephalogram signals induced by different stimulation pictures is determined. A new tested person SSVEP electroencephalogram signal is reconstructed through the phase space,  and the optimized depth convolution neural network model is input in the recursion plot form. As a result,  the accurate classification of multi-target SSVEP electroencephalogram signals is achieved and an idea control instruction is generated. The multi-objectiveidea control is achieved. The method is suitable for being applied to the field of the complex control of multiple targets.

公开（公告）号：CN108445751A

公开（公告）日：2018-08-24

申请号：CN201810169303.4

申请日：2018-02-28

申请人：天津大学

当前法律状态：实质审查





29、A Portable System for Brain Multi-Tasking

标题（翻译）：一种便携式脑多任务处理系统

摘要：AS ATTACHED

摘要（翻译）：如所附

公开（公告）号：IN201811007058A

公开（公告）日：2019-02-08

申请号：IN201811007058

申请日：2018-02-26

申请人：Hanif Sohrab





30、THERAPY FOR KINASE-DEPENDENT MALIGNANCIES

标题（翻译）：激酶依赖性恶性肿瘤的治疗

摘要：A pharmaceutically acceptable composition and method of therapy for a kinase-dependent malignancy in a patient in need of such therapy is provided. The composition contains,  as the only active agents,  the combination of (a) an inhibitor of c-Fos,  (b) an inhibitor of Dusp-1,  and (c) an inhibitor of a tyrosine kinase. The composition is administered to the patient in a dosing regimen for a period sufficient to provide therapy for kinase-dependent malignancy. Also provided is a method to eradicate leukemia initiating cells (LIC) or cancer stem cells (CSC) in a patient being treated with a tyrosine kinase inhibitor.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种在需要这种治疗的患者中治疗激酶依赖性恶性肿瘤的药学上可接受的组合物和方法。 该组合物包含作为唯一活性剂的(a)c-fos抑制剂、(b)DUSP-1抑制剂和(c)酪氨酸激酶抑制剂的组合。 该组合物以剂量方案给患者施用一段足以提供对激酶依赖性恶性肿瘤的治疗的时间。 还提供了一种在用酪氨酸激酶抑制剂治疗的患者中根除白血病起始细胞(LIC)或癌症干细胞(CSC)的方法。

公开（公告）号：US20180360777A1

公开（公告）日：2018-12-20

申请号：US15900201

申请日：2018-02-20

申请人：CHILDREN' S HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER





31、NANOPARTICULATE MATERIALS AND METHODS FOR TARGETING IRON ACQUISITION AND METABOLISM FOR TREATING BACTERIAL INFECTIONS

标题（翻译）：采集和代谢靶向铁纳米颗粒的材料和方法用于治疗细菌感染

摘要：Novel biocompatible nanoparticles preferably based on a calcium or gallium analogue of Prussian blue,  or independently an analogue of magnesium,  or aluminum were designed and synthesized to take advantage of their ability to penetrate the bacterial cell membrane of the invading pathogen in an animal such as a human in both Gram-positive bacteria (e.g. Staphylococcus aureus) and Gram-negative bacteria (e.g. Pseudomonas aeruginosa),  and undergo selective ion exchange with intracellular iron to disrupt iron metabolism in such pathogenic bacteria for antibacterial applications.

摘要（翻译）：一种新型生物相容性纳米粒子优选基于钙或镓的普鲁士蓝类似物，镁或单独的类似物，或铝的设计和合成，以利用细菌细胞膜的穿透能力入侵病原体的动物如人革兰氏阳性菌(如金黄色葡萄球菌)和革兰氏阴性菌(如铜绿假单胞菌)，与细胞内铁的破坏和进行选择性的离子交换铁代谢中病原菌的抗菌应用。

公开（公告）号：WO2018152449A1

公开（公告）日：2018-08-23

申请号：WOUS18018554

申请日：2018-02-17

申请人：KENT STATE UNIVERSITY

当前法律状态：暂缺





32、CHINESE CHARACTER SKELETON CODE INPUT METHOD AND SYSTEM HAVING SUGGESTION SCREEN INTERFACE

标题（翻译）：带屏幕提示界面的汉字骨架码输入法及系统

摘要：A Chinese character skeleton code input method having a suggestion screen interface. The method comprises :  1) sorting,  according to character shape characteristics of Chinese characters,  the Chinese characters into corresponding skeleton types,  grouping Chinese characters having the same skeleton type,  arranging the same according to a fixed rule,  and representing respective skeleton types using representative characters to generate a skeleton type table and respective symbol sets within each type;  2) displaying,  by a computer,  the representative characters of the respective skeleton types and all or a part of skeleton characters thereof,  and displaying suggestion interfaces on different "virtual key" regions;  and 3) receiving an input of a representative character of a required skeleton type or a specific character selected by a user from within a type. Also provided is a fast,  intuitive and efficient Chinese character skeleton code input method having a suggestion screen interface.

摘要（翻译）：一种带屏幕提示界面的汉字骨架码输入法，主要步骤包括：1)根据汉字的字形特征分为相应几种骨架类别，并分别将骨架相同的汉字聚类，并可按一定的规则排列，每种骨架可用一个代表字代表，形成骨架种类表和各自的类内字符集；2)由计算机显示各种骨架的代表字，及各自的全部或部分同骨架字，并于不同的"虚拟键位"区域上显示提示界面；3)使用者选择需要的骨架类别的代表字或类内具体某个字进行输入。提供了一种思考量极低，速度效率却很高的，带屏幕提示引导界面的汉字骨架码输入法。

公开（公告）号：WO2018149250A1

公开（公告）日：2018-08-23

申请号：WOCN18000072

申请日：2018-02-12

申请人：ZONG Gang

当前法律状态：暂缺





33、PRESSURE-BASED,  INTENT-ACTIVATED,  SELF-ACTUATING,  3D-PRINTED,  EXTENDABLE PROSTHETIC ARM

标题（翻译）：基于压力的，意图激活时，自致动，立体印刷，伸缩臂假肢

摘要：ABSTRACT OF INVENTION The main objective of this invention is to support users of prosthetic arm with intent-driven self- actuating prosthetic mechanism.We want this invention to be affordable and reach millions of potential beneficiaries of such prosthetic arms in this country and all over the world. Our invention uses a pressure-based sensor to detect and interpret intent of action in the amputated limb and converts the same through an electronic system into an appropriate stimulus to the prosthetic arm. The design obviates body-implanted electrodes or external wiring or transmitters,  instead has the entire sensory system located at the amputated joint itself and concealed. Muscular contractions and relaxations that are linked to a persons intent to perform an action with his limb are detected,  and stimulus sent to the electronic mechanism to trigger the required locomotive response action. The electronic mechanism is housed inside the prosthetic arm that is 3D-printed to fit to the exact geometry of users arm stub. The custom-built 3D- printed arm can be quickly and easily replaced at low cost. This first-of-a-kind invention brings together intention detection,  automated response of the prosthetic arm,  excellent fitment of the device with the amputated limb at various stages of body growth,  all in an aesthetically appealing,  light-weight prosthetic arm. The user can grasp,  hold and release objects at his will. The novelty of this invention is the modularity of the prosthetic arm size through continuous and step-based extension,  3D-printing the prosthetic arm with a combination of soft and hard materials for a perfect fit,  and interface for tactile sensory functions. Our invention senses intent of movement and converts that into kinematics thereby helping the user perform daily life activities such as holding,  lifting,  touching,  waving and grasping. This invention can address the needs of prosthetic limb users nationally and internationally. It enhances self- confidence,  social acceptance and brings back self-reliance into the life of the affected person

摘要（翻译）：本发明的主要目的在于，本发明的意图驱动的假肢臂，支持用户自执行修复机构。我们用本发明的可接受范围内，达到数百万的潜在获得为了受益者这种修复臂该国家所有在世界范围内。本发明采用基于压力传感器的检测和解释部分中的动作意图，并将其通过电子系统连接成一个适当的激励到所述假体臂。该设计免除了植入体电极或外部布线或变送器，而整个传感系统位于所述截断接头本身，隐蔽。肌肉收缩和松弛被链接到人的意图进行肢体动作与他进行检测，一种刺激发送到电子机构来触发所要求的机车响应动作。所述电子装置容纳在假体臂，该3D印刷的确切的几何形状以适应使用者臂的短轴。定制构建的3D打印臂可快速且容易地更换成本低。该第一---本发明是一种在一起的意图检测，所述假臂自动响应，优良的装修，装置与机体生长发育各个阶段处的残肢，所有在美学上吸引人的，轻质的人工臂。使用者能掌握，他将夹持和释放物体。本发明的新颖性的模块化假体臂尺寸在连续步骤基于扩展，所述假体三维打印臂与软，硬材料的完美结合，用于触觉感受的功能和接口。本发明的运动意图，并将所感测到运动学从而帮助用户进行日常生活活动。为进行夹持，提升，触摸，摇动握使用。本发明可以解决国家及国际上制定的假肢使用者的需求。本发明提高了对自信心，社会接受后的自立，为生活带来的影响人

公开（公告）号：IN201841004834A

公开（公告）日：2018-02-16

申请号：IN201841004834

申请日：2018-02-08

申请人：SUDDEKUNTE NANJUNDARAO RAVI SHANKAR; NANJUNDASWAMY ASHA; KRISHNAPPA GURURAJ; MYSORE LAKSHMISHA HARSHA





34、Motor Training

标题（翻译）：运动训练

摘要：A method for motor training comprising :  receiving from one or more sensors an orientation of a head mounted display of the subject;  adapting a base video signal representing an avatar of the subject in a virtual reality to be displayed on the head mounted display wherein the avatar comprises a virtual limb corresponding to the limb that is injured;  and sending the base video signal to the head mounted display for visualization. The method further comprises in response to a trigger signal from the subject,  sending an exercise video signal representing the avatar in the virtual reality performing an exercise to start the visual rendering of the exercise in the head mounted display,  even though the corresponding real limb is substantially immobile and provides no input at all. Such exercise is aimed at rehabilitation of the limb from the injury with the virtual limb corresponding to the immobile limb and it is displayed taking into account the orientation of the head mounted display. A computer program and computing systems for providing a treatment session for motor training are also disclosed.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于运动训练的方法，包括 : 从一个或多个传感器接收所述对象的头戴显示器的方位； 适配表示虚拟现实中的对象的化身的基本视频信号以在所述头戴式显示器上显示，其中所述化身包括对应于所述受伤肢体的虚拟肢体； 以及将所述基本视频信号发送到所述头戴式显示器以进行可视化。 该方法还包括响应于来自对象的触发信号，发送表示在虚拟现实中执行锻炼的化身的锻炼视频信号，以在头戴式显示器中开始锻炼的视觉呈现，即使相应的真实肢体基本上不动并且根本不提供输入。 这种运动旨在使肢体从损伤中康复，其中虚拟肢体对应于不动肢体，并且考虑到头戴显示器的方位来显示该运动。 还公开了一种用于提供用于运动训练的治疗会话的计算机程序和计算系统。

公开（公告）号：US20180151258A1

公开（公告）日：2018-05-31

申请号：US15883677

申请日：2018-01-30

申请人：UNIVERSITAT DE BARCELONA; INSTITUCIÓ CATALANA DE RECERCA I ESTUDIS AVANÇATS; INSTITUT D' INVESTIGACIONS BIOMÈDIQUES AUGUST PI I SUNYER (IDIBAPS)

当前法律状态：暂缺





35、SECURE SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE FOR INTEGRATED MOTORIZED MOBILE SYSTEMS

标题（翻译）：用于集成的机动化移动系统的安全系统体系结构

摘要：Systems and methods are disclosed herein for secure communication of data between motorized mobile systems (MMS) and external devices,  systems,  networks,  and servers. The data may include one or more of user,  health,  environment,  and system data retrieved from one or more sensors located in,  on,  and around an MMS. The MMS stores and/or transmits the sensor data using secure protocols when the sensor data relates to personal information,  such as personal health data,  to protect the privacy of the user.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了用于在机动化移动系统(MMS)与外部设备，系统，网络和服务器之间安全通信数据的系统和方法。 数据可以包括从位于MMS中，上和周围的一个或多个传感器检索的用户，健康，环境和系统数据中的一个或多个。 当传感器数据涉及诸如个人健康数据的个人信息时，MMS使用安全协议存储和/或发送传感器数据，以保护用户的隐私。

公开（公告）号：US20190052637A1

公开（公告）日：2019-02-14

申请号：US15880663

申请日：2018-01-26

申请人：Patroness LLC





36、DIGITAL ANATOMICAL VIRTUAL EXTREMITIES FOR RE-TRAINING PHYSICAL MOVEMENT

标题（翻译）：数字解剖学虚拟肢体再训练肢体运动

摘要：Aspects of the disclosure include methods and systems for pre-action training. In an aspect,  a method is presented for constructing a user-controllable image comprising obtaining anatomical and physiological data associated with a body,  storing the anatomical and physiological data in a database;  and creating the user-controllable image based on the stored anatomical and physiological data. The user-controllable image may be configurable to a user. At least a moveable portion of the user-controllable image may be constructed to move based on input from a user. The user-controllable image may be constructed to enable pre-action training of the user. As such,  victims of traumatic brain injury or other neurological setbacks may pre-train their nervous system for use of one or more injured body parts. Additionally,  the methods and systems described provide pre-action training control of non-virtual prostheses,  exoskeleton body parts,  powered orthotic devices,  robots or other motile or audiovisual output devices.

摘要（翻译）：本公开的方面包括用于动作前训练的方法和系统。 在一个方面，提出了一种用于构造用户可控图像的方法，包括 : 获得与身体相关联的解剖和生理数据，将所述解剖和生理数据存储在数据库中； 以及基于所存储的解剖和生理数据创建用户可控图像。 用户可控图像可以被配置给用户。 用户可控图像的至少一个可移动部分可被构造成基于来自用户的输入而移动。 可以构造用户可控图像以使能用户的动作前训练。 同样地，创伤性脑损伤或其它神经学挫折的受害者可以预先训练他们的神经系统以使用一个或多个受伤的身体部分。 此外，所描述的方法和系统提供非虚拟假体、外骨骼身体部分、动力矫形装置、机器人或其他可移动或视听输出装置的动作前训练控制。

公开（公告）号：US20180214768A1

公开（公告）日：2018-08-02

申请号：US15880271

申请日：2018-01-25

申请人：Vincent J Macri; Vincent James Macri; Paul Zilber





37、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR SENSORY AND COGNITIVE PROFILING

标题（翻译）：用于感官和认知分析的系统和方法

摘要：Methods,  devices,  and systems are disclosed for producing cognitive and/or sensory profiles. In one aspect,  a method to provide a cognitive or sensory assessment of a subject includes selecting a profile category from among a cognitive performance profile,  a sensory performance profile,  and a cognitive and sensory performance profile,  presenting a sequence of stimuli to a subject,  the sequence of stimuli based on the selected profile category,  acquiring physiological signals of the subject before,  during,  and after the presenting the sequence of stimuli to produce physiological data,  and processing the physiological data to generate an information set including one or more quantitative values associated with the selected profile category.

摘要（翻译）：公开了用于产生认知和/或感觉简档的方法、装置和系统。 在一个方面，提供受试者的认知或感觉评估的方法包括从认知性能简档、感觉性能简档和认知和感觉性能简档中选择简档类别，基于所选简档类别向受试者呈现刺激序列，所述刺激序列，在呈现所述刺激序列之前、期间和之后获取所述受试者的生理信号以产生生理数据，以及处理所述生理数据以生成包括与所选简档类别相关联的一个或多个定量值的信息集。

公开（公告）号：US20180285442A1

公开（公告）日：2018-10-04

申请号：US15879396

申请日：2018-01-24

申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA; THE SALK INSTITUTE FOR BIOLOGICAL STUDIES





38、THERAPY FOR LEUKEMIA

标题（翻译）：白血病治疗

摘要：A pharmaceutically acceptable composition and method for leukemia therapy in a patient in need of such therapy. The composition contains,  as the only active agents,  the combination of (a) an inhibitor of c-Fos,  (b) an inhibitor of Dusp-1,  and (c) an inhibitor of BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase. The composition is administered to the patient in a dosing regimen for a period sufficient to provide therapy for leukemia.

摘要（翻译）：一种在需要白血病治疗的患者中用于白血病治疗的药学上可接受的组合物和方法。 该组合物包含作为唯一活性剂的(a)c-fos抑制剂、(b)DUSP-1抑制剂和(c)bcr-abl酪氨酸激酶抑制剂的组合。 该组合物以给药方案给患者施用一段足以提供白血病治疗的时间。

公开（公告）号：US20180125799A1

公开（公告）日：2018-05-10

申请号：US15866544

申请日：2018-01-10

申请人：CHILDREN' S HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER

当前法律状态：暂缺





39、DETERMINING WELLNESS USING ACTIVITY DATA

标题（翻译）：使用活动数据确定协作

摘要：Methods and apparatus comprise a model to accurately assess and track changes in physical activity and locomotor patterns measured by an activity sensor such as accelerometer or step counter of mobile and wearable devices to evaluate the age,  hazard rate or hazard ratio,  frailty,  obesity and type 2 diabetes status. The model is capable of detecting age-related and age- independent hazard rate or hazard ratio and other related parameters such as age,  biological age,  frailty,  obesity and type 2 diabetes status that are detectable in activity sensor data acquired from freely moving subjects engaged in routine activities. The disclosed methods and apparatus have sufficient accuracy for practical implementation in personal and corporate wellness with readily available mobile devices such as personal smartphones and wristbands.

摘要（翻译）：公开的方法和设备，该设备包括用来准确评估和体育锻炼和运动轨迹的变化测量的样式行为传感器，例如加速计或移动的计步器和可穿戴装置来评估患者的年龄，风险率或危险机率，虚弱，肥胖和2型糖尿病状态。本实用新型能够检测与年龄有关的老化独立故障率或危险机率和其它相关参数诸如年龄，生物老化，脆弱，肥胖和2型糖尿病的活性传感器采集的数据中检测到的状态中自由移动物体的啮合和常规活动。所公开的方法和装置中具有足够精度的实际实现中已经可用的个人和企业健康手机设备(例如，个人智能手机和袖口。

公开（公告）号：WO2018117914A1

公开（公告）日：2018-06-28

申请号：WORU17050126

申请日：2017-12-12

申请人：LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY "GERO"

当前法律状态：审中





40、PROCESS AND TECHNIQUES FOR PORTABLE,  ELECTROENCEPHALOGRAPHY (EEG) BASED PAIN CLASSIFICATION AND MONITORING TOWARDS DIAGNOSTICS

标题（翻译）：工艺和技术便于携带，基于脑电图(EEG)疼痛的分类和监控诊断

摘要：Disclosed is a system using electroencephalography (EEG),  for the classification of pain sensations as pain type (such as neuropathic,  somatic etc.;  location of pain etc.),  and intensity towards a diagnostic aid,  composed of a device which is portable,  and consisting of at least one electrode,  transmission module (Bluetooth/Wi-Fi),  and a classifier system to be used with a linked computing device,  like a smart phone. Raw bioelectric data is processed,  de-noised and classified. Pain signatures are constructed from a normative database,  comprising of annotated EEG data of pain and non-pain states of individuals with pain associated diagnosed conditions and normal controls,  subjected to training,  testing and validation for the purpose of identification of pain states in individuals towards a diagnostic aid. The output requires no specialist for result interpretation,  may be linked to an alarm system,  and is displayed as the subject?s pain state on a GUI.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供一种使用脑电图(EEG)系统，用于分类(例如神经病性疼痛的感觉疼痛型，菌体等；疼痛等)的位置，和强度的辅助诊断，由装置轻便，由至少一个电极，传输模块(蓝牙或Wi-Fi)，和分类器系统使用链接的计算装置，如智能手机。原生物数据进行处理，去噪和分类。疼痛的签名被从标准数据库构建，包括EEG数据中的注释的疼痛与非疼痛相关的疼痛的个体的诊断状态和各种正常状态控制进行训练，测试和确认用于识别目的的个体中疼痛状态向辅助诊断。输出不需要专家，用以判读结果，可连接报警系统，并显示了作为对象的?状态在GUI上的痛苦。

公开（公告）号：IN201721038783A

公开（公告）日：2017-12-22

申请号：IN201721038783

申请日：2017-11-01

申请人：Reshma Bhatnagar





41、BRAIN IMAGE VISUALIZATION

标题（翻译）：脑图像的可视化

摘要：This idea presents a subjective view on the work that has been done combining machine learning with brain image visualization to advance the understanding of brains analytical capability to identify and imagine objects through sound,  motions,  or emotions and thereby applying the same concepts to a computer and displaying the objects or thoughts generated by the brain onto the computer screen. As we humans,  learn anything step by step by gathering necessary information and then picturing(visualizing) it for understanding purpose,  so will the computer,  using a lot of datasets. It will also analyze each process step by step and picturize it by comparing with the data in its dataset. After acquiring enough data the computer shall then generate a pattern based on the observations collected,  each time it comes across a word or a thought,  it shall then compare it with the signal pattern that had been generated earlier. Also this invention shows the possibility of future development of this technology for a more realistic and intellectual robots or humanoids that can help mankind.

摘要（翻译）：这个概念上呈现的主观观看已经完成的工作，结合机器学习与脑图像的可视化理解，提高大脑分析能力，通过声音识别和图像对象，动作，或情绪，从而将相同的构思到计算机，并显示对象或产生的思想脑在计算机的屏幕上。我们人类，学习任何收集的必要信息，然后通过分步拍摄(可视)理解的目的，因此会将电脑，使用大量集合。它也将通过分析各工序步骤和picturize其通过比较与所述数据在数据集。当在获得足够的数据，然后产生基于图案的计算机上观测收集，每次遇到字或思想，它然后应该将其与已经产生较早的信号模式。本发明还示出了未来发展的可能性，本工艺的更逼真和智能机器人或能够帮助人类humanoids。

公开（公告）号：IN201721034696A

公开（公告）日：2017-11-24

申请号：IN201721034696

申请日：2017-09-29

申请人：PROF NISHA V KIMMATKAR; ANSON ANTONY; ABHISHEK RAJ; SAHIL YUVRAJ BHIRUD





42、ELECTRICAL INSULATION SYSTEM BASED ON EPOXY RESINS FOR GENERATORS AND MOTORS

标题（翻译）：基于环氧树脂的电绝缘系统的发电机及电动机

摘要：Disclosed is an anhydride-free insulation system for current-carrying construction parts of an electric engine which comprises :  (A) a mica paper or mica tape for wrapping parts of said electric engine that are potentially current-carrying during operation of the engine,  which mica paper or mica tape is impregnable via vacuum pressure impregnation with a thermally curable epoxy resin formulation and comprises a complex of boron trihalogenide with an amine of the formula BX3. NR1R2R3 or R1R2N-A-NR1 R2,  wherein X denotes halogen,  R1,  R2 and R3 are each independently of the others hydrogen,  C1-C12alkyl,  C5-C30aryl,  C6-C36aralkyl or C6-C14cycloalkyl,  which can be unsubstituted or substituted by one or more C1- C12alkyl groups,  A is a bivalent aliphatic aromatic or cycloaliphatic radical;  (B) a thermally curable bath formulation for the vacuum pressure impregnation comprising bisphenol A diglycidyl ether and optionally bisphenol F diglycidyl ether,  which formulation is substantially or,  preferably,  entirely free of thermally activatable curing initiators for the epoxy resin formulation.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供一种无酸酐的保温系统的载流构件的电动发动机，包括 : (a)云母纸或云母带包裹部，所述的电机的潜在时载流发动机的操作，它通过真空压力浸渍云母纸或云母带浸渍热固化的环氧树脂配方包括硼络合物trihalogenide与胺的通式BX3。nr1r2r3或r1r2n-a-nr1R2，其中X表示卤素，R1，R2和R3各自独立为氢，C1-C12烷基，c5-c30aryl，c6-c36aralkyl或c6-c14cycloalkyl，它可以是未取代的或被一个或多个C1烷基基团，A为二价脂肪族芳香族或脂环族基团；(b)可热固化的真空压力浸渍浴的配方含有双酚A的二缩水甘油醚和任选的双酚F缩水甘油醚，该制剂基本上或优选完全没有的可热活化的用于环氧树脂的固化引发剂配方。

公开（公告）号：WO2018060113A1

公开（公告）日：2018-04-05

申请号：WOEP17074173

申请日：2017-09-25

申请人：HUNTSMAN ADVANCED MATERIALS LICENSING (SWITZERLAND) GMBH; ISOVOLTA AG

当前法律状态：暂缺





43、下肢类脑智能机械电子外骨骼及其综合控制系统

标题（翻译）：Lower-limb brain-like intelligent mechano-electronic exoskeleton and integrated control system thereof

摘要：本发明涉及一种下肢类脑智能机械电子外骨骼及其综合控制系统，其技术特点是：包括重心调整装置、多个电子机械关节、多个连接杆、多个外骨骼、足部固定鞋和足底传感器；所述重心调整装置安装在腰部连接杆上，所述腰部连接杆、髋部电子机械关节、大腿外骨骼、大腿连接杆、膝部电子机械关节、小腿外骨骼、小腿连接杆、踝部电子机械关节依次相连接；电子机械关节内安装有关节角度及阻尼传感器并通过相应的关节机械驱动装置驱动产生动作。本发明设计合理，能够精确地感应各种动作并据此实现相应控制功能，同时，通过重心调整装置自动调整下肢平衡，保证行走的稳定性和可靠性，可有效地解决下肢功能丧失患者的康复效果缓慢的问题。

摘要（翻译）：The invention relates to a lower-limb brain-like intelligent mechano-electronic exoskeleton and an integrated control system thereof. The lower-limb brain-like intelligent mechano-electronic exoskeleton is characterized by comprising a gravity center adjusting device,  a plurality of mechano-electronic joints,  a plurality of connecting rods,  a plurality of exoskeleton bodies,  foot fixing shoes and pelma sensors;  the gravity center adjusting device is installed on the waist connecting rod,  and the waist connecting rod,  the hip mechano-electronic joint,  the thigh exoskeleton bodies,  the thigh connecting rods,  the knee mechano-electronic joints,  the shank exoskeleton bodies,  the shank connecting rods and the ankle mechano-electronic joints are connected in sequence;  the mechano-electronic joints are internally provided with joint angle and damping sensors respectively and driven by corresponding mechanical joint driving devices to generate actions. The lower-limb brain-like intelligent mechano-electronic exoskeleton is reasonable in design,  various actions can be precisely sensed,  and on this basis,  the corresponding control functions are achieved. Meanwhile,  the balance of the lower limbs is automatically adjusted through the gravity center adjusting device,  the walking stability and reliability are ensured,  and the problem that the rehabilitation effect of a patient who loses the lower limb functions is slow can be effectively solved.

公开（公告）号：CN107468486A

公开（公告）日：2017-12-15

申请号：CN201710856745.1

申请日：2017-09-21

申请人：臧大维; 郑勇

当前法律状态：实质审查





44、基于脑电的有人/无人机集群编队VR仿真方法及系统

标题（翻译）：EEG-based manned/unmanned aerial vehicle cluster formation VR simulation method and system

摘要：本发明涉及航空航天领域的仿真平台开发，为提出一种能够支持有人/无人机集群编队控制算法验证的仿真平台。基于脑电的有人/无人机集群编队VR仿真方法及系统，实时仿真Simulink Real Time目标机负责Matlab仿真程序的实时仿真功能，通过以太网与仿真平台管理计算机连接，仿真平台管理计算机将MATLAB程序下载到目标机中，目标机运行MATLAB程序，并将仿真结果实时发送给仿真平台管理计算机，并在该计算机上进行显示和数据保存；每台Simulink Real Time目标机+嵌入式控制器代表一台无人机；嵌入式控制器运行无人机控制算法，计算出控制信号。本发明主要应用于航空航天模拟场合。

摘要（翻译）：The invention relates to a simulation development platform in the field of aerospace,  and aims to provide a simulation platform capable of supporting the verification of a manned/unmanned aerial vehicle cluster formation control algorithm. According to the EEG-based manned/unmanned aerial vehicle cluster formation VR simulation method and system,  a real-time simulation Simulink Real Time target machine is configured to execute the real-time simulation function of a Matlab simulation program and is connected with a simulation platform management platform through an Ethernet. The simulation platform management computer downloads the MATLAB program into the target machine. The target machine runs the MATLAB program,  and sends a simulation result to the simulation platform management computerin real time,  and displays and saves data on the computer. Each Simulink Real Time target machine + embedded controller denotes a UAV. The embedded controller runs an UAV control algorithm to calculate a control signal. The EEG-based manned/unmanned aerial vehicle cluster formation VR simulation method and system are mainly applied to aerospace simulation occasions.

公开（公告）号：CN107643695A

公开（公告）日：2018-01-30

申请号：CN201710799662.3

申请日：2017-09-07

申请人：天津大学

当前法律状态：实质审查





45、SYSTEM AND METHODS FOR PROCESSING NEURAL SIGNALS

标题（翻译）：用于处理神经信号的系统和方法

摘要：Systems and methods for processing neural signals are provided. A neural data analysis system may comprise a feature extraction module configured to (1) extract a plurality of features from neural signal waveforms obtained by an implanted neural interface probe with a plurality of channels or electrodes,  wherein the plurality of features are extracted from the neural signal waveforms without requiring prior digitization of the neural signal waveforms,  and (2) to transmit the extracted features as a plurality of discrete outputs. The neural data analysis system may also comprise a feature-event coalescence module configured to :  (1) receive the plurality of discrete outputs from the feature extraction module,  and (2) construct a model-based inference of bioelectric activity based on feature-event statistics,  prior knowledge of bioelectric signals,  and/or a behavioral model of the feature-extraction module. The neural data analysis system may further comprise an approximator module configured to (1) receive a plurality of coalesced events from the feature-event coalescence module,  and (2) apply a series of transformations to the coalesced event data to generate a higher entropy neural code,  wherein the neural code comprises a representation of ensemble activity of a plurality of neurons recorded by the system.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了用于处理神经信号的系统和方法。神经数据分析系统可以包括特征提取模块，被配置为(1)中提取多个特征的神经植入神经接口获得的信号波形与多个通道或电极探头，所述多个特征中提取神经的神经信号的信号波形而不要求先前的数字化波形；(2)将提取的特征为多个离散输出。神经数据分析系统也可以包括事件的特征的聚结模块配置成 : (1)接收所述多个离散的特征提取模块的输出，和(2)构建基于模型的推理基于统计特征的事件的生物活性，生物电信号的先验知识，和/或行为模型的特征提取模块。神经数据分析系统可以进一步包括(1)合拢器模块，被配置为接收多个聚结的事件从聚结的特征的事件模块，和(2)对该被凝聚的事件数据施加一系列的转换，以产生一较高的熵值神经码，所述神经码集合包括表示由系统记录的多个神经元的活性。

公开（公告）号：WO2018039648A1

公开（公告）日：2018-03-01

申请号：WOUS17048759

申请日：2017-08-25

申请人：PARADROMICS INC; EDGINGTON Robert

当前法律状态：暂缺





46、VISUAL PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT

标题（翻译）：可视性能的评估

摘要：Social remote eye screening and monitoring gamification through integration of modular assessments of visual function into the objectives of interactive games to encourage compliance to testing instructions to facilitate improved fidelity,  remote frequent reassessment/ trending,  and/or automated interpretation. These are developed on any platform,  including virtual and/or 3-dimensional gaming platforms which include immersive and deep-dive gaming technology platforms such as virtual reality,  augmented reality or mixed reality. This novel process will also be deployed on any future platforms that involve headsets or image projections that physically surround users with virtual stimuli.

摘要（翻译）：通过整合社会的远程眼睛筛分和监控简单化的模块化评价的交互式可视化功能集成到目标符合游戏，鼓励测试指令，以便于提高了声音的保真度，远程频繁的再确定/趋势和/或自动判读。这些任何平台上开发，一种立体游戏平台包括虚拟和/或3包括游戏的沉浸感和深潜平台，例如虚拟现实技术，扩增现实或混合现实。这种新过程中还会被部署到任何未来平台，涉及物理地环绕耳机或头戴式图像投影用户与虚拟刺激。

公开（公告）号：WO2018164636A1

公开（公告）日：2018-09-13

申请号：WOSG17050407

申请日：2017-08-16

申请人：GUNASEKERAN Dinesh Visva

当前法律状态：暂缺





47、ULTRA-SOFT COATINGS FOR INTERFACES WITH BRAIN AND OTHER SOFT TISSUES

标题（翻译）：超软接口与脑及其它软组织的涂层

摘要：A soft conductive composition can include :  a crosslinked silicone composition;  and single-walled or multi-walled carbon nanotubes in the silicone composition. A neural probe or other implant can include the soft conducive composition on a least a portion of the implant body. A method of making an implant can include :  selecting PDMS precursors;  cross-linking the PDMS precursor to obtain an elastic modulus of about 3-9 kPa or +/- 1%,  5%,  10%,  20%,  or 50%;  selecting the carbon nanotubes;  introducing the carbon nanotubes into the crosslinked PDMS to form a soft conductive composite composition;  and coating the soft conductive composite composition onto at least a portion of an implant. A method of measuring properties at a neural interface can include :  providing a neural probe having a soft conductive composition;  implanting the neural probe having the soft conductive composition at a neural interface;  and measuring a property with the neural probe.

摘要（翻译）：软质导电组合物可以包含 : 交联硅氧烷组合物单壁或多壁碳纳米管在聚硅氧烷组合物。神经探针或其它植入物可以包括软述组合物在至少一部分所述植入物体。制造植入物的方法可以包括 : 选择PDMS前体；交联得到PDMS前躯体的弹性模量约3-9或±-1%kPa，5%，10%，20%，或50%；选择所述碳纳米管；将碳纳米管加入到PDMS交联形成柔软的导电复合材料组合物；和包覆在软质导电复合材料组合物的植入物的至少一部分上。神经接口性能的测量方法可包括 : 提供一种神经探针具有柔性的导电组合物；植入神经探针一样具有柔软的导电组合物中神经接口；和与神经探针测量性质。

公开（公告）号：WO2018027117A1

公开（公告）日：2018-02-08

申请号：WOUS17045470

申请日：2017-08-04

申请人：ARIZONA BOARD OF REGENTS ON BEHALF OF ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY

当前法律状态：暂缺





48、NEURAL NETWORK BASED BRAIN SIGNALING EMOTION RECOGNITION & HAND GESTURE RECOGNITION FOR PARALYTIC PERSON THROUGH A MICROCHIP

标题（翻译）：基于神经网络的脑信号情感识别和瘫痪者用微芯片的手势识别

摘要：Present invention provides neural network based brain signaling emotion recognition & hand gesture recognition for paralytic person through a micro chip. The invention provides a low cost system that helps to understand the brain signals and control machine through these signals. Thus the intended output is asystem that recognizes the emotions and hand recognition systems of different objects generally for patients whose sensory/motor neuron system are damaged. The system according to the present invention consists of sensors,  Micro-chip,  Nano-chip,  Headcover,  Machine (well equipped with various software),  Wires,  Transistors and Analog Digital Systems.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种基于神经网络的脑信号情感识别和瘫痪者手势识别的微芯片。 本发明提供了一种低成本的系统，其有助于理解脑信号并通过这些信号控制机器。 因此，预期的输出是识别不同对象的情绪和手识别系统的系统，通常用于感觉/运动神经元系统受损的患者。 本发明的系统由传感器，微芯片，纳米芯片，头罩，机器(配有各种软件)，导线，晶体管和模拟数字系统组成。

公开（公告）号：IN201711027264A

公开（公告）日：2019-02-08

申请号：IN201711027264

申请日：2017-08-01

申请人：AMITY UNIVERSITY





49、CONTROL OF MEIOTIC CROSSOVER IN MAIZE

标题（翻译）：减数分裂控制跨接在玉米

摘要：The present disclosure provides methods for increasing meiotic recombination in crop plants,  as well as plants and seeds produced by such methods.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种提高作物植物中减数分裂重组的方法，以及由所述方法产生的植物和种子。

公开（公告）号：WO2018005752A1

公开（公告）日：2018-01-04

申请号：WOUS17039919

申请日：2017-06-29

申请人：COLD SPRING HARBOR LABORATORY; CAMBRIDGE ENTERPRISE LIMITED

当前法律状态：暂缺





50、ATOMIC LAYER ETCHING ON MICRODEVICES AND NANODEVICES

标题（翻译）：微型器件和纳米器件上的原子层蚀刻

摘要：The present invention relates to the unexpected discovery of novel methods of preparing nanodevices and/or microdevices with predetermined patterns. In one aspect,  the methods of the invention allow for engineering structures and films with continuous thickness equal to or less than 50 nm.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及意外发现新的方法制备具有预定图案纳米器件和/或微器件。在一个方面中，本发明的方法允许用于工程结构与薄膜具有厚度等于或小于约50纳米。

公开（公告）号：WO2017205658A1

公开（公告）日：2017-11-30

申请号：WOUS17034532

申请日：2017-05-25

申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO A BODY CORPORATE; DRS NETWORK IMAGING SYSTEMS LLC

当前法律状态：暂缺





51、ENHANCEMENT OF THERMAL ATOMIC LAYER ETCHING

标题（翻译）：增强热原子层蚀刻

摘要：The invention includes a method of promoting atomic layer etching (ALE) of a surface. In certain embodiments,  the method comprises sequential reactions with a metal precursor and a halogen-containing gas. In other embodiments,  the etching rate is increased by removing residual species bound to and/or adsorbed onto the surface.

摘要（翻译）：本发明包括一种方法，促进(ale)的原子层蚀刻的表面上。在某些实施方案中，所述方法包括顺序反应具有金属前体和含卤素的气体。在其它实施例中，去除残留物质，提高刻蚀速率连接和/或吸附到所述表面。

公开（公告）号：WO2017213842A2

公开（公告）日：2017-12-14

申请号：WOUS17034027

申请日：2017-05-23

申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO A BODY CORPORATE

当前法律状态：暂缺





52、DIRECT FORMATION OF HEXAGONAL BORON NITRIDE ON SILICON BASED DIELECTRICS

标题（翻译）：硅基电介质上直接形成六方氮化硼

摘要：A scalable process for fabricating graphene/hexagonal boron nitride (h-BN) heterostructures is disclosed herein. The process includes (BN)XHy-radical interfacing with active sites on silicon nitride coated silicon (Si3N4/Si) surfaces for nucleation and growth of large-area,  uniform and ultrathin h-BN directly on Si3N4/Si substrates (B/N atomic ratio = 1 : 1.11±0.09). Further,  monolayer graphene van der Waals bonded with the produced h-BN surface benefits from h-BN' s reduced roughness (3.4 times) in comparison to Si3N4/Si. Because the reduced surface roughness leads to reduction in surface roughness scattering and charge impurity scattering,  therefore an enhanced intrinsic charge carrier mobility (3 folds) for graphene on h-BN/Si3N4/Si is found.

摘要（翻译）：可升级的过程制备石墨烯/六方氮化硼(h-BN)异质结构是在本文中公开。该方法包括(Bn)molTixZr1-xHy自由基活性位点连接在氮化硅涂覆的硅/硅(Si3N4)表面核化大面积生长，h-BN均匀超薄氮化硅/硅基板上直接(B/N原子比=1 : 1.11±0。09)。此外，单层石墨烯所产生的范德华结合h-BN h-BN表面效果，降低的粗糙度(3.4倍)相对于氮化硅/硅。由于表面粗糙度小导致表面粗糙度散射和电荷中杂质散射降低，因此，增强的本征载流子迁移率(3)，用于发现h-bn/si3n4上的石墨烯/硅。

公开（公告）号：WO2017196559A1

公开（公告）日：2017-11-16

申请号：WOUS17030124

申请日：2017-04-28

申请人：SUNEDISON SEMICONDUCTOR LIMITED; BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS

当前法律状态：暂缺





53、SYSTEM FOR AFFECTING BEHAVIOR OF A SUBJECT

标题（翻译）：影响对象的行为系统

摘要：A system for modifying behavior of a subject is provided. The system comprises :  an input assembly configured to receive input data;  a data analyzer configured to receive the input data from the input assembly,  analyze the input data and produce a behavioral modification regimen based on the input data;  and an output assembly configured to receive the behavioral modification regimen from the data analyzer and produce output data based on the behavioral modification regimen. The output data is configured to modify behavior of the subject. Methods of modifying behavior of a subject are also provided.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种用于修改行为的系统。所述系统包括 : 输入组件被配置为接收输入数据；数据分析器被配置为接收从输入组件输入数据，分析输入数据，产生一行为改变；基于所述输入数据；以及输出组件被配置为接收来自数据分析仪产生的行为改变的方案基于输出数据在所述行为改变的方案。输出数据经配置以修改所述对象的行为。还提供了对象的修改行为的方法。

公开（公告）号：WO2017180992A1

公开（公告）日：2017-10-19

申请号：WOUS17027605

申请日：2017-04-14

申请人：NUNES Nancy; FLAHERTY J Christopher

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





54、车型机器人控制系统及方法

标题（翻译）：Models robot control system and method

摘要：本发明提供车型机器人控制系统及方法，系统包括：脑电信号采集装置、信号处理装置、控制装置和设有以不同固定频率闪烁分别代表加速、减速和停止的三个信号灯的车型机器人R；脑电信号采集装置采集用户想象R进行某特征运动时的运动想象脑电信号EEG1和用户注视R上某信号灯时的SSVEP信号并发给信号处理装置；信号处理装置若接收EEG1，获取对应控制指令并发给控制装置，使其将控制指令发给R以控制R进行特征运动，若接收SSVEP信号，获取对应调整指令并发给控制装置，使其将调整指令发给R以控制R进行用户注视的信号灯所代表的运动调整。可实现肢体残障人士在不借助他人帮助情况下控制车型机器人进行自由移动或运输物品。

摘要（翻译）：The present invention provides models of the robot control system and method,  the system comprises :  EEG signal acquisition device,  signal processing device,  the control device and is provided with a to different fixed frequency flicker on behalf of the accelerating,  decelerating and stopping the three signal lamp models robot R;  EEG signal collecting device collecting user imagine a characteristic movement when R on the movement of the electrical signal imagines the brain EEG1 and user attention on the R a signal lamp of the SSVEP signal and sent to the signal processing device;  signal processing device if the receiving EEG1,  obtaining the corresponding control instructions and sent to the control device,  thus making the control instruction to R in order to control the movement of the characteristic R,  if the receiving SSVEP signal,  obtaining the corresponding adjustment instruction and sent to the control device,  and enable the adjusting instruction to R in order to control the user following the R signal lamp on behalf of the movement adjusting. Physical disabilities can be realized without a help from others to control models robot free mobile or transport of goods.

公开（公告）号：CN107175673A

公开（公告）日：2017-09-19

申请号：CN201710241068.2

申请日：2017-04-13

申请人：中国农业大学

当前法律状态：实质审查





55、METHOD OF SELECTIVE ETCHING ON EPITAXIAL FILM ON SOURCE/DRAIN AREA OF TRANSISTOR

标题（翻译）：选择性蚀刻方法，在晶体管的源/漏区上外延膜

摘要：Methods for forming transistors are provided. A substrate is placed in a processing chamber,  and a plurality of epitaxial features is formed on the substrate. The epitaxial feature has at least a surface having the (110) plane and a surface having the (100) plane. An etchant or a gas mixture including an etchant and an etch enhancer or an etch suppressor is introduced into the processing chamber to remove a portion of the epitaxial feature. Etch selectivity between the surface having the (110) plane and the surface having the (100) plane can be tuned by varying the pressure within the processing chamber,  the ratio of the flow rate of the etchant or gas mixture to the flow rate of a carrier gas,  and/or the ratio of the flow rate of the etch enhancer or suppressor to the flow rate of the etchant.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了晶体管的形成方法。基板放置在处理室，以及多个外延衬底上形成特征。所述外延部件具有至少一个表面具有(110)面和(100)的表面平面上。蚀刻剂或气体混合物包括蚀刻剂和引入蚀刻剂或蚀刻抑制器所述处理室中，以去除所述外延部件的一部分。蚀刻选择性的表面之间具有(110)面和(100)的平面表面具有可调谐同时改变压力，在处理室，所述蚀刻液的流速比或气体混合物的载气流量，和/或该蚀刻剂的流率的比值(或抑制该蚀刻剂的流率。

公开（公告）号：WO2017196490A1

公开（公告）日：2017-11-16

申请号：WOUS17027469

申请日：2017-04-13

申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





56、ADMINISTRATION OF WEB PAGE

标题（翻译）：网页管理

摘要：Manipulation of a Web page displayed through a first device as a function of user interaction with a second device is contemplated. The manipulation may include operating the second device as a touchscreen or other gesture-based controllable device and automatically providing corresponding navigation within the Web page as a function of interactions registered through the second device.

摘要（翻译）：预期根据与第二设备的用户交互来操纵通过第一设备显示的网页。 操作可包括将第二设备操作为触摸屏或其它基于手势的可控设备，并根据通过第二设备注册的交互自动提供网页内的相应导航。

公开（公告）号：US20170205974A1

公开（公告）日：2017-07-20

申请号：US15478975

申请日：2017-04-04

申请人：Cable Television Laboratories Inc

当前法律状态：暂缺





57、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR CORRECTING ERROR IN A FIRST CLASSIFIER BY EVALUATING CLASSIFIER OUTPUT IN PARALLEL

标题（翻译）：用于通过并行评估分类器输出来校正第一分类器中的错误的系统和方法

摘要：Systems and methods for classifying a test object are provided. For each respective target object in a plurality of target objects,  a first procedure is performed comprising (a) posing the test object against the respective target thereby obtaining an interaction between the test and target,  and (b) scoring the interaction with a first classifier. Each such score across the plurality of targets forms a test vector that is inputted into a second classifier thereby obtaining an indication of a target object. The second classifier is trained on training vectors,  each being the output from instances of the first classifier after inputting a corresponding training object in a plurality of training objects in accordance with the first procedure. Each object in one subset of the training objects is uniquely associated with one of the targets. Another subset of the training objects is not associated with the targets.

摘要（翻译）：提供了用于对测试对象进行分类的系统和方法。 对于多个目标对象中的每个相应目标对象，执行第一过程，包括(a)将测试对象相对于相应目标放置，从而获得测试和目标之间的交互，以及(b)对与第一分类器的交互评分。 跨多个目标的每个这样的分数形成被输入到第二分类器中的测试向量，由此获得目标对象的指示。 第二分类器在训练向量上被训练，每个训练向量是在根据第一过程在多个训练对象中输入对应的训练对象之后来自第一分类器的实例的输出。 训练对象的一个子集中的每个对象都与其中一个目标唯一关联。 训练对象的另一个子集未与目标关联。

公开（公告）号：US20180285731A1

公开（公告）日：2018-10-04

申请号：US15473980

申请日：2017-03-30

申请人：Atomwise Inc

当前法律状态：暂缺





58、METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR DISTINGUISHING OPTIMAL VISUAL STIMULATION

标题（翻译）：方法和系统用于识别最佳的视觉刺激

摘要：According to an embodiment of the present invention,  a method for distinguishing an optimal visual stimulus comprises the steps of :  outputting a plurality of first visual stimuli flickering with different predetermined frequencies in a screen of an output device;  measuring steady-state visually evoked potentials (SSVEP) generated by the plurality of first visual stimuli from a user keeping eyes on the output device;  measuring visual fatigue by the plurality of first stimuli from the user keeping eyes on the output device;  and distinguishing n number of first visual stimuli suitable for the user to use among the plurality of first visual stimuli based on the SSVEP and the visual fatigue measured by the user for each of the plurality of first visual stimuli.(200) SSVEP measuring apparatus(300) Visual fatigue measuring apparatus(400) Computing apparatusCOPYRIGHT KIPO 2018

摘要（翻译）：在根据本发明的一个方法实施例中最佳的视觉刺激输出多个屏幕不同的预定频率鉴别装置1当前正输出的视觉刺激，来自用户的多个输出装置1表达相关测量产生的稳态视觉刺激的状态视觉诱发电位)，从用户装置输出的多个数字1表示的每一个的多个视觉刺激1号从用户到预定位置的视觉疲劳和视觉刺激基于视觉疲劳和测量用于使用N个相关的视觉刺激的视觉刺激包括 : 确定多个数字1合适数量的1。

公开（公告）号：KR1020180109571A

公开（公告）日：2018-10-08

申请号：KR1020170039477

申请日：2017-03-28

申请人：SEOUL NATIONAL UNIVERSITY R DB FOUNDATION; FOUNDATION FOR RESEARCH AND BUSINESS SEOUL NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY

当前法律状态：未授权失效





59、ELECTROPHYSIOLOGY MEASUREMENT AND TRAINING AND REMOTE DATABASED AND DATA ANALYSIS MEASUREMENT METHOD AND SYSTEM

标题（翻译）：一种电生理测量训练和远程数据库及数据分析测量方法和系统

摘要：A method and system provides for electrophysiological data analysis in a networked processing environment. The method and system includes receiving,  via a networked connection,  electrophysiological data of a patient and electronically performing,  via at least one network processing device,  a data analysis on the electrophysiological data. The method and system includes generating at least one report based on the data analysis,  wherein the at least one report includes determination of one or more intervention options for the patient and therein transmitting the report to a recipient device across the network connection for utilization with the patient. The results of the report direct the user to apply from within the same system non-invasive brain stimulation,  neurofeedback,  and biofeedback modalities. Re-assessment can occur from within the same system following the training or modulation of electrophysiology and thereby generate a comparison report showing functional changes from the provided intervention or combined interventions.

摘要（翻译）：一种在网络化处理环境中提供电生理数据分析的方法和系统。 所述方法和系统包括经由网络连接接收患者的电生理数据，并且经由至少一个网络处理设备对所述电生理数据进行电子地执行数据分析。 所述方法和系统包括基于所述数据分析生成至少一个报告，其中所述至少一个报告包括确定用于所述患者的一个或多个干预选项，并在其中通过所述网络连接将所述报告发送到接收设备以用于与所述患者一起使用。 报告的结果指示用户从同一系统内应用非侵入性脑刺激、神经反馈和生物反馈模式。 在电生理学的训练或调制之后，可以从同一系统内进行重新评估，从而生成比较报告，显示所提供的干预或组合干预的功能变化。

公开（公告）号：US20170215760A1

公开（公告）日：2017-08-03

申请号：US15456909

申请日：2017-03-13

申请人：Evoke Neuroscience Inc





60、CUSTOMIZATION OF HELP INFORMATION BASED ON EEG DATA

标题（翻译）：基于脑电数据定制帮助信息

摘要：A method (100) is implemented by a computing device for helping a particular user use a user interface (UI). Electroencephalography (EEG) data is obtained (102) that indicates brain activity of a particular user during a period in which that user views the UI and/or interprets help information that describes how to use the UI. Based on the EEG data the computing device selects (104) from among multiple predefined cognitive states the one or more cognitive states that characterize the particular user during the period. The computing device assists (106) the particular user to use the UI by customizing the help information for the particular user based on the one or more selected cognitive states. A complementary computing device and computer program product are also disclosed.

摘要（翻译）：一种方法(100)由一计算装置，用于实现特定用户使用的用户接口(UI)。获取脑电图(EEG)数据(102)，其指示特定用户的脑活动的时间段期间，在其中用户观看和/或翻译帮助信息的UI的UI描述如何使用。基于所述计算装置选择的EEG数据(104)从多个预先定义的认知状态的一个或多个表征该特定用户的认知状态的期间。所述计算装置(106)的特定用户使用的UI定制用于特定的帮助信息用户基于所述一个或多个选取的认知状态。互补的计算设备和计算机程序产品也被公开。

公开（公告）号：IN201717007939A

公开（公告）日：2017-07-14

申请号：IN201717007939

申请日：2017-03-07

申请人：TELEFONAKTIEBOLAGET LM ERICSSON (PUBL)





61、INITIATING A CONTROL OPERATION IN RESPONSE TO A HEAD GESTURE

标题（翻译）：开始控制操作来响应对头部姿态

摘要：A computing device (100,  150) for initiating a control operation in response to a head gesture (112-114) performed by a user (110) of the computing device is provided. The computing device is operative to acquire Electroencephalogram (EEG) sensor data from EEG sensors (101) contacting a skin of the user,  detect a characteristic EEG data pattern in the acquired EEG data,  which characteristic EEG data pattern is associated with a control mode,  acquire motion sensor data from at least one motion sensor (102) attached to the head,  detect a characteristic movement of the head,  which characteristic movement is commensurate with the performed head gesture,  and initiate a control operation which is associated with the performed head gesture. The detected characteristic EEG pattern is commensurate with a specific mental gesture imagined by the user. The control operation may,  e.g.,  relate to control (121-124) play-out of media.

摘要（翻译）：计算装置(100，150)开始控制操作来响应于头(112-114)进行的手势由用户(110)所述计算装置被提供。所述计算装置用于获取从EEG脑电传感器数据的传感器(101)的接触皮肤用户，检测特征获取EEG数据中的图案的EEG数据，其中EEG数据相关联的图案特征与控制方式，取得运动传感器数据的至少一个运动传感器(102)连接到头部，检测特征的运动头，其特征匹配于所述头部姿势进行运动，并启动与所执行的头部姿势相关联的控制操作。所检测到的EEG模式的精神手势对应的特定用户的想象。所述控制操作可以，例如，涉及一种控制装置(121-124)的媒体播出。

公开（公告）号：WO2018141409A1

公开（公告）日：2018-08-09

申请号：WOEP17052515

申请日：2017-02-06

申请人：TELEFONAKTIEBOLAGET LM ERICSSON (publ)

当前法律状态：暂缺





62、一种基于虚拟现实的脑电神经反馈干预系统及方法

标题（翻译）：Virtual reality-based brain electrical neural feedback intervention system and method

摘要：本发明公开了一种基于虚拟现实的脑电神经反馈干预系统及方法，系统包括虚拟现实子系统(100)、脑电采集及控制子系统(200)，所述虚拟现实子系统与脑电采集及控制子系统通过无线或有线方式建立通讯连接，所述脑电采集及控制子系统(200)集成有经颅直流电刺激设备(300)，方法具体为首先采集静息态或者舒缓场景下患者的脑电信号并经过分析得到当前患者的脑电基线；其次针对不同的神经反馈训练目标，结合相应的VR脚本和剧情，采集分析患者脑电信号状态，得到脑电信号的瞬时能量值；然后根据脑电信号的瞬时能量值与脑电基线的对比结果，调整虚拟现实场景中参数特征，同时施加经颅直流电刺激，对患者进行康复训练。本发明将神经反馈技术与虚拟现实技术相结合，是一种可在真实交互场景中实时交互、实时体验、实时监测、治疗反馈、综合评估的神经反馈及虚拟现实一体化系统。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses a virtual reality-based brain electrical neural feedback intervention system and method. The system comprises a virtual reality subsystem (100) and a brain electrical collection and control subsystem (200),  wherein the virtual reality subsystem is in communication connection with the brain electrical collection and control subsystem in a wireless or wired manner;  and the brain electrical collection and control subsystem (200) is integrated with a transcranial direct current stimulation device (300). The method specifically comprises the steps of firstly collecting a brain electrical signal of a patient in a resting state or a comfortable scene and performing analysis to obtain a brain electrical baseline of the current patient;  secondly for different neural feedback training targets,  in combination with corresponding VR scripts and scenarios,  collecting and analyzing a state of the brain electrical signal of the patient to obtain an instant energy value of the brain electrical signal;  and thirdly according to a comparison result of the instant energy value of the brain electrical signal and the brain electrical baseline,  adjusting parameter features in a VR scene,  and applying transcranial direct current stimulation to perform rehabilitation training on the patient. According to the system and the method,  a neural feedback technology is combined with a VR technology;  and the system is a neural feedback and VR integrated system capable of realizing real-time interaction,  real-time experience,  real-time monitoring,  treatment feedback and comprehensive assessment in a real interactive scene.

公开（公告）号：CN106933348A

公开（公告）日：2017-07-07

申请号：CN201710052572.8

申请日：2017-01-24

申请人：武汉黑金科技有限公司

当前法律状态：实质审查





63、DISPERSING DATA TO BIOLOGICAL MEMORY SYSTEMS

标题（翻译）：将数据分散到生物存储系统

摘要：A computing device includes an interface configured to interface and communicate with a dispersed or distributed storage network (DSN),  a memory that stores operational instructions,  and a processing module operably coupled to the interface and memory such that the processing module,  when operable within the computing device based on the operational instructions,  is configured to perform various operations including to process monitor signals received from sensors coupled to biological memory devices (BMDs) within the DSN to determine status of the plurality of BMDs that distributedly store encoded data slices (EDSs) associated with a data object. The computing device services data access requests associated with the data object for the EDS(s). For some instances of BMD status,  the computing device transfers EDS(s) from one portion of a BMD to another. For other instances of BMD status,  the computing device rebuilds or directs rebuilding of EDS(s).

摘要（翻译）：一种计算设备，包括 : 接口，被配置为与分散或分布式存储网络(DSN)接口和通信；存储器，存储操作指令；以及处理模块，可操作地耦合到所述接口和存储器，使得当基于所述操作指令在所述计算设备内可操作时，所述处理模块被配置为执行各种操作，包括处理从耦合到所述DSN内的生物存储器设备的传感器接收的监视信号，以确定分布式存储与数据对象相关联的编码数据片的所述多个BMD的状态。 计算设备为与EDS的数据对象相关联的数据访问请求提供服务。 对于BMD状态的一些实例，计算设备将EDS从BMD的一部分传输到另一部分。 对于BMD状态的其他实例，计算设备重建或指导EDS的重建(一个或多个)。

公开（公告）号：US20170212806A1

公开（公告）日：2017-07-27

申请号：US15401278

申请日：2017-01-09

申请人：International Business Machines Corporation

当前法律状态：暂缺





64、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR OPERATING AND CONTROLLING A HYPER CONFIGURABLE HUMANOID ROBOT TO PERFORM MULTIPLE APPLICATIONS IN VARIOUS WORK ENVIRONMENTS

标题（翻译）：操作和控制超可配置仿人机器人以在各种工作环境中执行多个应用的系统和方法

摘要：A processor implemented method for performing and controlling a humanoid robot is provided. The method includes the following steps :  (i) obtaining a data from a perception unit to analyze a work environmental conditions,  (ii) providing communication between (a) the humanoid robot and a cloud server,  and (b) the cloud server and one or more robots,  (iii) detecting an acquisition of image and distance information about the working environmental condition or one or more applications to create a map of the working environmental condition for navigation,  (iv) providing a feedback and control information to the humanoid robot,  and (v) providing an input to the humanoid robot based on the one or more sensors or the user devices or the user to perform a necessary action for the working environmental condition or the one or more applications.

摘要（翻译）：提供了一种用于执行和控制仿人机器人的处理器实现的方法。 所述方法包括以下步骤 :  (i)从感知单元获得数据以分析工作环境条件， (ii)在(a)仿人机器人和云服务器之间提供通信， 以及(b)云服务器和一个或多个机器人， (iii)检测关于工作环境条件或一个或多个应用程序的图像和距离信息的获取，以创建用于导航的工作环境条件的地图， (iv)向所述仿人机器人提供反馈和控制信息；和(v)基于所述一个或多个传感器或所述用户设备或所述用户向所述仿人机器人提供输入，以针对所述工作环境条件或所述一个或多个应用执行必要的动作。

公开（公告）号：US20190054631A1

公开（公告）日：2019-02-21

申请号：US15770502

申请日：2016-12-26

申请人：NIRANJAN CHANDRIKA GOVINDARAJAN





65、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR OPERATING AND CONTROLLING A HYPER CONFIGURABLE HUMANOID ROBOT TO PERFORM MULTIPLE APPLICATIONS IN VARIOUS WORK ENVIRONMENTS

标题（翻译）：用于操作和控制的系统和方法可配置的高仿人机器人完成各种工作环境中的多种应用

摘要：A processor implemented method for performing and controlling a humanoid robot is provided. The method includes the following steps :  (i) obtaining a data from a perception unit to analyze a work environmental conditions,  (ii) providing communication between (a) the humanoid robot and a cloud server,  and (b) the cloud server and one or more robots,  (iii) detecting an acquisition of image and distance information about the working environmental condition or one or more applications to create a map of the working environmental condition for navigation,  (iv) providing a feedback and control information to the humanoid robot,  and (v) providing an input to the humanoid robot based on the one or more sensors or the user devices or the user to perform a necessary action for the working environmental condition or the one or more applications.

摘要（翻译）：一种处理器实现的方法，用于执行与控制仿人机器人设置。该方法包括以下步骤 : (i)从感知单元获取数据分析工作环境条件，(ii)提供(a)仿人机器人和云服务器之间的通信，和(B)云服务器和一个或多个机器人，(iii)图像和距离信息检测采集的工作环境条件或一个或多个应用创建地图导航的工作环境条件，(iv)提供的仿人机器人的反馈和控制信息，和(v)提供输入到仿人机器人基于所述一个或多个传感器或用户设备或使用者的工作环境条件下进行必要的动作或所述一个或多个应用。

公开（公告）号：WO2017115385A2

公开（公告）日：2017-07-06

申请号：WOIN16050458

申请日：2016-12-26

申请人：GOVINDARAJAN Niranjan Chandrika

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





66、AUDIO RECORDING DEVICE FOR PRESENTING AUDIO SPEECH MISSED DUE TO USER NOT PAYING ATTENTION AND METHOD THEREOF

标题（翻译）：音频记录装置，用于呈现音频语音因用户不注意及其方法

摘要：An audio recording device (100,  150) is provided. The audio recording device is operative to detect that a user (110) is paying attention to speech (121) captured by a microphone (101),  record the captured speech to which the user is paying attention,  detect that the user has stopped paying attention,  and render a representation of the recorded speech starting at a point in time when the user has stopped paying attention. The representation of the recorded speech may either be rendered audibly,  or by transcribing the recorded speech into text and displaying the transcribed text (123),  or a summary thereof,  to the user. The audio recording device is operative to detect that the user is paying attention to the captured speech by acquiring Electroencephalography (EEG) data captured by electrodes (102) which are attached to a body part of the user,  calculating a correlation between the acquired EEG data and the captured speech,  and determining that the user is paying attention to the captured speech if the calculated correlation is larger than an upper threshold value.

摘要（翻译）：音频记录装置(100，150)设置。音频记录装置用于检测用户(110)被注意的语音(121)捕获麦克风(101)，捕获语音记录到所述用户正在关注的，检测到用户已经停止注意，并使所记录的语音表示当使用者开始时间点停止放线注意。所述记录的语音可以是可听地呈现的表示，将录入的语音转换为文本或转录和转录的文本显示(123)，或概要，给用户。音频记录装置，用于检测所述用户注意所述所捕获语音的获取脑电图(EEG)数据捕获电极(102)，其附接至使用者的体部，计算获取的EEG数据之间的相关性和所捕捉的语音，以及确定所述用户注意如果计算的所捕获语音的相关性比上阈值。

公开（公告）号：WO2018108284A1

公开（公告）日：2018-06-21

申请号：WOEP16081229

申请日：2016-12-15

申请人：TELEFONAKTIEBOLAGET LM ERICSSON (PUBL)

当前法律状态：暂缺





67、脑波监测评估学习效果的系统

标题（翻译）：Brainwave monitoring system for assessing learning outcomes

摘要：本新型提供一种脑波监测评估学习效果的系统，系包括：一脑波撷取模组系用以撷取至少一使用者的一脑波资讯，并藉由一第一传输模组将该脑波资讯传输并储存於一第一储存模组；一动作撷取模组系用以撷取该至少一使用者的一动作资讯，并藉由一第二传输模组将该动作资讯传输并储存於一第二储存模组；一统计分析模组系读取该第一储存模组的该脑波资讯以及该第二储存模组的该动作资讯，而产生一统计分析资讯；一网路视讯撷取模组系撷取至少一教学影像，并透过至少一网路传输该至少一教学影像到一云端伺服器；一资讯显示模组系接收该统计分析模组产生之该统计分析资讯以及该云端伺服器的该至少一教学影像

摘要（翻译）：The utility model provides a brain wave monitoring and evaluation of the learning effect of the system,  system includes :  a brain wave pick-up module is used to pick up the at least one user of a brain wave information,  and a 1st transmission module by the brain wave information transmission and is stored in a 1st storage module;  a movement pick-up module is used to pick up the at least one user of a movement information,  and a 2nd transmission module by the action information transmission and is stored in a 2nd storage module;  a statistical analysis module is reading the 1st storage module of the brain wave information and the 2nd storage module the action information,  to generate a statistical analysis information;  a network video pick-up module system picks up the at least one teaching Image,  and through at least one network transmission of the at least one teaching Image to a server of the clouds;  an information display module system receiving the statistical analysis module generated by the statistical analysis information and the sky server of the at least one teaching Image.

公开（公告）号：TWM546203U

公开（公告）日：2017-08-01

申请号：TW105218269

申请日：2016-11-29

申请人：逢甲大学





68、INTEGRATION OF TUMOR CHARACTERISTICS WITH BREAST CANCER INDEX

标题（翻译）：肿瘤特征与乳腺癌指数的整合

摘要：Methods of determining risk of recurrence of a breast cancer of a subject are provided. Also provided are methods of predicting responsiveness to a therapy of a breast cancer of a subject. Additionally,  methods of recommending treatment for a subject that has breast cancer are provided. Further provided are methods of treating a subject that has breast cancer. Systems for performing described methods are also provided.

摘要（翻译）：提供了确定受试者的乳腺癌复发风险的方法。 还提供了预测受试者对乳腺癌治疗的反应性的方法。 另外，提供了推荐患有乳腺癌的受试者的治疗的方法。 进一步提供了治疗患有乳腺癌的受试者的方法。 还提供了用于执行所述方法的系统。

公开（公告）号：US20170137891A1

公开（公告）日：2017-05-18

申请号：US15349915

申请日：2016-11-11

申请人：BioTheranostics Inc

当前法律状态：暂缺





69、INTEGRATION OF TUMOR CHARACTERISTICS WITH BREAST CANCER INDEX

标题（翻译）：与乳腺癌肿瘤特性指标的集成

摘要：Methods of determining risk of recurrence of a breast cancer of a subject are provided. Also provided are methods of predicting responsiveness to a therapy of a breast cancer of a subject. Additionally,  methods of recommending treatment for a subject that has breast cancer are provided. Further provided are methods of treating a subject that has breast cancer. Systems for performing described methods are also provided.

摘要（翻译）：方法 : 确定乳腺癌复发风险的受试者被提供。还提供了预测的方法对药物的治疗乳房癌症的受试者的方法。另外，本发明的推荐本发明提供治疗受试者患乳癌。本发明进一步提供治疗受试者的方法，其具有乳腺癌。系统执行描述的方法也被提供。

公开（公告）号：WO2017083675A1

公开（公告）日：2017-05-18

申请号：WOUS16061568

申请日：2016-11-11

申请人：BIOTHERANOSTICS INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





70、Coherent Optical Imaging for Detecting Neural Signatures and Medical Imaging Applications Using Holographic Imaging Techniques

标题（翻译）：用于检测神经特征的相干光学成像和使用全息成像技术的医学成像应用

摘要：A neural imaging system may include an imaging array,  an image data processor operably coupled to the imaging array to process image data received from the imaging array,  and a beam angle separator disposed between the imaging array and an object being imaged. The beam angle separator may be configured to separate an object beam reflected from the object being imaged into a plurality of reference beams each having different angular separation with respect to the object beam. The image data processor may be configured to generate image data of the object for each one of the reference beams to correspond to a respective different depth within the object.

摘要（翻译）：一种神经成像系统可以包括成像阵列、可操作地耦合到成像阵列以处理从成像阵列接收的图像数据的图像数据处理器、以及设置在成像阵列和被成像对象之间的波束角分离器。 光束角度分离器可以被配置为将从被成像的对象反射的对象光束分离成多个参考光束，每个参考光束相对于对象光束具有不同的角度间隔。 图像数据处理器可经配置以针对参考光束中的每一者产生对象的图像数据以对应于对象内的相应不同深度。

公开（公告）号：US20170135583A1

公开（公告）日：2017-05-18

申请号：US15348397

申请日：2016-11-10

申请人：The Johns Hopkins University

当前法律状态：暂缺





71、SENSORY INPUT THROUGH NON-INVASIVE BRAIN STIMULATION

标题（翻译）：非侵入性脑刺激的感觉输入

摘要：Systems,  methods and techniques for providing sensory input to a subject through non-invasive brain stimulation are generally described. In some examples,  an input signal related to an environment may be received. In various further examples,  a communication to the subject may be determined in response to the input signal. In some examples,  an output signal corresponding to the determined communication may be generated. Some further examples may comprise non-invasively stimulating a portion of the subject' s brain with the output signal with a stimulation subsystem positioned outside of the subject' s scalp. In various examples,  the stimulation of the portion of the subject' s brain may be effective in producing a sensory response perceivable by the subject.

摘要（翻译）：一般描述了通过非侵入性脑刺激向受试者提供感觉输入的系统、方法和技术。 在一些示例中，可以接收与环境相关的输入信号。 在各种另外的示例中，可以响应于输入信号来确定到对象的通信。 在一些示例中，可以生成对应于所确定的通信的输出信号。 一些进一步的示例可以包括利用位于受试者头皮外部的刺激子系统用输出信号非侵入性地刺激受试者的大脑的一部分。 在各种实例中，对受试者大脑的该部分的刺激可有效地产生受试者可感知的感觉反应。

公开（公告）号：US20170113056A1

公开（公告）日：2017-04-27

申请号：US15299875

申请日：2016-10-21

申请人：University of Washington

当前法律状态：暂缺





72、Apparatus and method of implantable bidirectional wireless neural recording and stimulation

标题（翻译）：可植入的双向无线神经装置和方法记录和刺激

摘要：A device and a method are described for an electronic human prosthetic product. In particular,  the present invention relates to a bidirectional neural-communicating/brain-mechanical interface (BBMI) inserted into the skull or the spine and forming a compact neural prosthetic device by combining input,  output,  and on-board computing in a single unit. The present invention also relates to a completely insertable wireless spine electronic recording and stimulating system using a BBMI in a human body. BBMI devices wirelessly communicate with other BBMI devices and/or external controllers. A compactly insertable stimulator has an ultrasonic secondary battery charging system. One or more BBMIs are wirelessly connected,  and a closed loop of BBMI devices or a BBMI device and an external controller can wirelessly transmit a trigger pulse over the spine to a completely inserted stimulator.(120) Cap matching layer(122) WPT transducer (reception)(124) Battery(126) BMI system(128) CaseCOPYRIGHT KIPO 2017

摘要（翻译）：描述了用于人的假体装置和方法，特别是用于颅或主链上插入识别，可组合成一个单一单元，并在计算输出板形成致密的神经修复大脑神经(bbmi)机械接口装置的双向通信的显微照片。本发明还涉及人bbmi使用无线脊柱公开了一种电子记录及刺激系统完全插入。控制器bbmi bbmi设备和/或其他外部装置进行无线通信的基板。超声波电池充电系统2相互紧密嵌合，刺激差。一个或多个无线连接到bbmi，bbmi bbmi装置外接的控制器完全插入脊柱刺激能之外的触发脉冲闭环调速装置。

公开（公告）号：KR1020170046593A

公开（公告）日：2017-05-02

申请号：KR1020160136768

申请日：2016-10-20

申请人：SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVERSITY RESEARCH FOUNDATION





73、METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR VERSATILE MINIMALLY INVASIVE NEUROMODULATORS

标题（翻译）：用于多功能微创神经调节剂的方法和装置

摘要：A medical apparatus for a patient includes an external system configured to transmit one or more transmission signals,  each transmission signal having at least power or data. An implantable system is configured to receive the one or more transmission signals from the external system,  and the external system includes a first external device with at least one external antenna configured to transmit a first transmission signal to the implantable system. The first transmission signal includes at least power or data,  and an external transmitter is configured to drive the at least one external antenna. An external power supply is configured to provide power to at least the external transmitter,  and an external controller is configured to control the external transmitter. A first implantable device includes at least one implantable antenna configured to receive the first transmission signal from the first external device. An implantable receiver is configured to receive the first transmission signal from the at least one implantable antenna. At least one implantable functional element is configured to interface with the patient. An implantable controller is configured to control the at least one implantable functional element. The medical apparatus is configured to neuromodulate tissue and/or record patient information.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于患者的医疗设备，包括配置成发射一个或多个发射信号的外部系统，每个发射信号至少具有功率或数据。 可植入系统被配置为从外部系统接收一个或多个传输信号，并且外部系统包括第一外部设备，该第一外部设备具有被配置为向可植入系统发送第一传输信号的至少一个外部天线。 所述第一发射信号至少包括功率或数据，并且外部发射机被配置为驱动所述至少一个外部天线。 外部电源被配置为至少向所述外部发射器提供电力，并且外部控制器被配置为控制所述外部发射器。 第一可植入装置包括至少一个被配置为从第一外部装置接收第一传输信号的可植入天线。 可植入接收器经配置以从所述至少一个可植入天线接收所述第一发射信号。 至少一个可植入功能元件被配置成与患者接口。 可植入控制器被配置为控制所述至少一个可植入功能元件。 所述医疗设备被配置为神经调节组织和/或记录患者信息。

公开（公告）号：US20170001003A1

公开（公告）日：2017-01-05

申请号：US15264864

申请日：2016-09-14

申请人：Nalu Medical Inc

当前法律状态：暂缺





74、BRAIN TO BRAIN INTERFACE SYSTEM APPLIED TO SINGLE BRAIN

标题（翻译）：应用于单脑的脑-脑接口系统

摘要：A brain to brain interface system has a brain activity detection device configured to detect activity state information of a brain,  a brain stimulation device configured to stimulate an area of at least a part of the brain to activate or inactivate brain cells of the corresponding area,  and a computer configured to control the brain activity detection device and the brain stimulation device,  wherein brain activity state information of a subject' s brain (“a target brain”) is obtained through the brain activity detection device,  and an area of at least a part of the target brain is stimulated through the brain stimulation device based on the brain activity state information of the target brain to regulate a function of the target brain.

摘要（翻译）：一种脑-脑接口系统，具有脑活动检测装置，该脑活动检测装置被配置为检测脑的活动状态信息， 脑刺激装置，其被配置为刺激所述脑的至少一部分的区域以激活或灭活所述对应区域的脑细胞， 以及计算机，被配置为控制所述脑活动检测装置和所述脑刺激装置，其中，通过所述脑活动检测装置获得受试者的脑(“目标脑”)的脑活动状态信息，并且基于所述目标脑的脑活动状态信息通过所述脑刺激装置刺激所述目标脑的至少一部分的区域，以调节所述目标脑的功能。

公开（公告）号：US20170080256A1

公开（公告）日：2017-03-23

申请号：US15262370

申请日：2016-09-12

申请人：KOREA INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY

当前法律状态：暂缺





75、Polypeptides to inhibit epstein barr viral protein BHRF1 and B cell lymphoma family proteins

标题（翻译）：抑制EB病毒蛋白BHRF1和B细胞淋巴瘤家族蛋白的多肽

摘要：The present invention provides designed polypeptides that selectively bind to and inhibit Epstein Barr protein BHFR1,  and B cell lymphoma family proteins,  and are thus useful for treating Epstein Barr-related diseases and cancer.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供设计的多肽，其选择性结合并抑制Epstein Barr蛋白BHFR1和B细胞淋巴瘤家族蛋白，因此可用于治疗Epstein Barr相关疾病和癌症。

公开（公告）号：US9750814B2

公开（公告）日：2017-09-05

申请号：US15262716

申请日：2016-09-12

申请人：University of Washington

当前法律状态：暂缺





76、INHIBITORS OF CYCLIN-DEPENDENT KINASES

标题（翻译）：依赖细胞周期蛋白的激酶抑制剂

摘要：The present invention provides novel compounds of Formulae (I' ),  (I),  (II' ),  and (II),  and pharmaceutically acceptable salts,  solvates,  hydrates,  polymorphs,  co-crystals,  tautomers,  stereoisomers,  isotopically labeled derivatives,  prodrugs,  and compositions thereof. Also provided are methods and kits involving the inventive compounds or compositions for treating and/or preventing proliferative diseases (e.g.,  cancers (e.g.,  leukemia,  acute lymphoblastic leukemia,  lymphoma,  Burkitt' s lymphoma,  melanoma,  multiple myeloma,  breast cancer,  Ewing' s sarcoma,  osteosarcoma,  brain cancer,  ovarian cancer,  neuroblastoma,  lung cancer,  colorectal cancer),  benign neoplasms,  diseases associated with angiogenesis,  inflammatory diseases,  autoinflammatory diseases,  and autoimmune diseases) in a subject. Treatment of a subject with a proliferative disease using a compound or composition of the invention may inhibit the aberrant activity of a kinase,  such as a cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) (e.g.,  CDK7,  CDK12,  or CDK13),  and therefore,  induce cellular apoptosis and/or inhibit transcription in the subject.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了新的式(I‘)化合物，(Ⅰ)(II‘)，和(Ⅱ)及其药学上可接受的盐，溶剂化物，水合物，多晶型物，共结晶，互变异构体，立体异构体，同位素标记的衍生物，前药，及其组合物。还提供了方法和试剂盒包括本发明的化合物或组合物用于治疗和/或预防增殖性疾病(例如，癌症(如，白血病，急性淋巴细胞白血病，淋巴癌，Burkitt‘s淋巴瘤，黑素瘤，多发性骨髓瘤，乳腺癌，尤因肉瘤，骨肉瘤，脑癌，卵巢癌，神经母细胞瘤，肺癌结肠直肠癌)，良性肿瘤，与血管生成有关的疾病，炎性疾病，自身炎症性疾病，自身免疫性疾病)患者中。治疗增殖性疾病的受试者使用本发明的化合物或组合物可以抑制异常激酶的活性，例如，细胞周期蛋白依赖性激酶(CDK)(例如，CDK7，cdk12，或cdk13)，从而诱导细胞凋亡和/或抑制受试者中转录。

公开（公告）号：WO2017044858A2

公开（公告）日：2017-03-16

申请号：WOUS16051118

申请日：2016-09-09

申请人：DANA FARBER CANCER INSTITUTE INC; HAO Mingfeng

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





77、MOBILE USER BORNE BRAIN ACTIVITY DATA AND SURROUNDING ENVIRONMENT DATA CORRELATION SYSTEM

标题（翻译）：移动用户脑活动数据与周围环境数据关联系统

摘要：A mobile user borne brain activity data and surrounding environment data correlation system comprising a brain activity sensing subsystem,  a recording subsystem,  a measurement computer subsystem,  a user sensing subsystem,  a surrounding environment sensing subsystem,  a correlation subsystem,  a user portable electronic device,  a non-transitory computer readable medium,  and a computer processing device. The mobile user borne system collects and records brain activity data and surrounding environment data and statistically correlates and processes the data for communicating the data into a recipient biological,  mechanical,  or bio-mechanical system.

摘要（翻译）：一种移动用户携带的脑活动数据和周围环境数据相关系统，包括脑活动传感子系统、记录子系统、测量计算机子系统、用户传感子系统、周围环境传感子系统、相关子系统、用户便携式电子设备、非暂时性计算机可读介质和计算机处理设备。 移动用户携带系统收集和记录大脑活动数据和周围环境数据，并对数据进行统计相关和处理，以便将数据传送到接收者生物、机械或生物机械系统中。

公开（公告）号：US20170061034A1

公开（公告）日：2017-03-02

申请号：US15258336

申请日：2016-09-07

申请人：Kurtis John Ritchey; Kenneth Ira Ritchey





78、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR DETECTING SPIKES IN NOISY SIGNALS

标题（翻译）：检测中的尖峰噪声信号的系统和方法

摘要：A method for determining a threshold for spike detection in a noisy signal in real-time is provided. The method includes estimating a current variability of noise in the noisy signal according to a measured instantaneous value and a window of previous instantaneous values using a sigma-delta control loop,  determining the threshold based on the estimated variability of the noise;  and repeating the steps to update the estimate of the variability of the noise and adjust the threshold in real-time as the noisy signal changes. A non-transitory computer-readable storage medium for executing the method on a processing unit,  and a low-power digital system implementing the method are also provided.

摘要（翻译）：阈值确定方法用于含噪声的信号中的尖峰检测在实时设置。该方法包括 : 估计含噪声的信号中的噪声电流的变化根据测量的瞬时值，窗口前使用∑-Δ控制回路的瞬间值，确定所述阈值基于所估计的噪声的变化性；重复上述步骤更新的估计的噪声和变化实时调整阈值为将含噪声的信号的变化。非暂态计算机可读存储介质，用于执行所述处理单元上的方法，和低功耗数字式还提供了实现该方法的系统。

公开（公告）号：US20190012515A1

公开（公告）日：2019-01-10

申请号：US15753823

申请日：2016-08-23

申请人：UNIVERSITÉ LAVAL

当前法律状态：暂缺





79、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR DETECTING SPIKES IN NOISY SIGNALS

标题（翻译）：检测中的尖峰噪声信号的系统和方法

摘要：A method for determining a threshold for spike detection in a noisy signal in real- time is provided. The method includes estimating a current variability of noise in the noisy signal according to a measured instantaneous value and a window of previous instantaneous values using a sigma-delta control loop,  determining the threshold based on the estimated variability of the noise;  and repeating the steps to update the estimate of the variability of the noise and adjust the threshold in real-time as the noisy signal changes. A non-transitory computer-readable storage medium for executing the method on a processing unit,  and a low-power digital system implementing the method are also provided.

摘要（翻译）：阈值确定方法用于含噪声的信号中的尖峰检测在实时设置。该方法包括 : 估计含噪声的信号中的噪声电流的变化根据测量的瞬时值，窗口前使用∑-Δ控制回路的瞬间值，确定所述阈值基于所估计的噪声的变化性；重复上述步骤更新的估计的噪声和变化实时调整阈值为将含噪声的信号的变化。非暂态计算机可读存储介质，用于执行所述处理单元上的方法，和低功耗数字式还提供了实现该方法的系统。

公开（公告）号：WO2017031581A1

公开（公告）日：2017-03-02

申请号：WOCA16050991

申请日：2016-08-23

申请人：UNIVERSITÉ LAVAL

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





80、Conjoined,  pre-programmed,  and user controlled virtual extremities to simulate physical re-training movements

标题（翻译）：连接的、预先编程的和用户控制的虚拟肢体，以模拟物理再训练运动

摘要：The present invention is in the technical field of virtual reality therapy/rehabilitation (VRT/R) for survivors of acquired brain injury (ABI) and other brain-affected individuals who experience disrupted brain-to-extremities communications to intact,  existing and anatomically original,  but disabled extremities. Specifically the present invention is directed to assisting survivors of acquired brain injury (ABI) traumatic brain injury,  autism spectrum disorder,  focal dystonias and other brain-affected individuals by computer-presenting/displaying a combination of virtual anatomical extremities (VAEs) in two forms :  1-VAEs which are computer pre-programmed to make simulated physical movements according to the programmer' s design and purpose;  and 2-VAEs which are interactively and tactically controlled/directed by users to make custom-purposed simulated physical movements according to the user' s design and purpose. This invention conjoins the use of 1-VAEs and 2-VAEs to provide ABI survivors and other brain-to body-affected individuals with realistic,  anatomically analogous controls over one or more virtual disabled extremities and one or more virtual unaffected extremities.

摘要（翻译）：本发明属于虚拟现实治疗/康复(VRT/R)技术领域，用于后天性脑损伤(ABI)的幸存者和其它脑受影响的个体，这些个体经历到完整的、存在的和解剖上原始的但残废的肢体的脑到肢体的通信中断。 具体地说，本发明旨在通过以两种形式计算机呈现/显示虚拟解剖肢体的组合来帮助获得性脑损伤(ABI)创伤性脑损伤、自闭症谱系障碍、局灶性肌张力障碍和其它受脑影响的个体的幸存者 : 1-虚拟解剖肢体是计算机预编程以根据程序员的设计和目的进行模拟物理运动的VAE； 和2-VAEs，其由用户交互地和战术地控制/指示，以根据用户的设计和目的进行定制目的的模拟物理运动。 本发明结合1-VAEs和2-VAEs的使用，为ABI幸存者和其它受身体影响的个体提供对一个或多个虚拟残疾肢体和一个或多个虚拟未受影响肢体的现实的、解剖学上类似的控制。

公开（公告）号：US20170046978A1

公开（公告）日：2017-02-16

申请号：US15330133

申请日：2016-08-13

申请人：Vincent J Macri





81、一种机器人识别环境变化时的人机交互方法以及系统

标题（翻译）：Man-machine interaction method and system in the change of robot recognition environment

摘要：本发明公开一种机器人识别环境变化时的人机交互方法以及系统，涉及人机交互领域。其中，所述方法包括：所述机器人接收用户输入的检查环境变化的第一命令，所述第一命令包括环境检查点的位置；所述机器人基于所述第一命令和预设的场景地图前往所述环境检查点捕获图像，并将捕获的图像与本地存储的空白环境图像进行图像处理，得到处理结果，所述空白环境图像是在所述环境检查点不存在目标对象的情况下捕获的图像；所述机器人根据所述处理结果判断所述环境检查点是否发生环境变化；若所述环境检查点发生环境变化，所述机器人将所述环境检查点的环境变化情况反馈给用户，用户向机器人提出抓取目标的第三命令，机器人随机执行第三命令将目标对象取回。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses a man-machine interaction method and system in the change of robot recognition environment,  and relates to the field of man-machine interaction. The method comprises the following steps :  a robot receiving a first command input by a user to check the environment change,  wherein the first command comprises a position of an environment check point;  the robot capturing an image at the environment check point based on the first command and a preset scene map,  and performing image processing on the captured image and the locally stored blank environment image to obtain a processing result,  wherein the blank environment image is the image captured under the condition that a target object is inexistent at the environment check point;  the robot judging whether the environment change occurs at the environment check point according to the processing result,  if the environment change occurs at the environment check point,  the robot feeding back the environment change condition at the environment check point to the user,  and the user proposing the third command for capturing the target to the robot,  and the robot randomly executing the third command to retrieve the target object.

公开（公告）号：CN106249895A

公开（公告）日：2016-12-21

申请号：CN201610650078.7

申请日：2016-08-09

申请人：清华大学

当前法律状态：授权





82、SYSTEMS,  METHODS AND DEVICES FOR A SKULL/BRAIN INTERFACE

标题（翻译）：用于颅骨/大脑接口系统、方法和装置

摘要：Methods,  devices,  and systems induce neuromodulation by focusing a source of stimulation through a skull/brain interface in the form of an aperture formed in the skull,  a naturally occurring fenestration in the skull,  or a transcranial channel. Methods,  devices,  and systems identify where to locate skull/brain interfaces,  accessories that can be used with the interfaces,  and features for controlling stimulation delivered through the interfaces. Multiple indications for the skull/brain interfaces include diagnosis and treatment of neurological disorders and conditions such as epilepsy,  movement disorders,  depression,  Alzheimer' s disease,  autism,  coma,  and pain.

摘要（翻译）：方法、装置和系统通过聚焦通过颅骨/脑界面的刺激源来诱导神经调节，所述刺激源以形成于颅骨中的孔、颅骨中自然发生的开窗或经颅通道的形式。 方法、装置和系统识别在何处定位颅骨/脑接口、可与接口一起使用的附件以及用于控制通过接口递送的刺激的特征。 颅骨/脑部接口的多种适应症包括神经系统疾病的诊断和治疗，如癫痫、运动障碍、抑郁症、阿尔茨海默病、孤独症、昏迷和疼痛。

公开（公告）号：US20160339243A1

公开（公告）日：2016-11-24

申请号：US15225741

申请日：2016-08-01

申请人：NeuroPace Inc

当前法律状态：暂缺





83、运动训练

标题（翻译）：MOTOR TRAINING

摘要：一种用于运动训练的方法包括：从一个或更多个传感器接收受试者的头戴式显示器的定向；调整将要在头戴式显示器上显示的表示受试者在虚拟现实中的虚拟形象的基本视频信号，其中，虚拟形象包括与受伤的肢体相对应的虚拟肢体；以及将基本视频信号发送至头戴式显示器用于可视化。所述方法还包括：响应于来自受试者的触发信号，发送表示虚拟现实中的虚拟形象执行锻炼的锻炼视频信号，以开始头戴式显示器中的锻炼的视觉渲染，即使相应的真实肢体基本上是不动的并且完全不提供任何输入。这样的锻炼旨在利用与不动的肢体相对应的虚拟肢体从损伤中康复肢体，并且考虑到头戴式显示器的定向来进行显示。还公开了一种用于为运动训练提供治疗疗程的计算机程序和计算系统。

摘要（翻译）：A method for motor training comprising :  receiving from one or more sensors an orientation of a head mounted display of the subject;  adapting a base video signal representing an avatar of the subject in a virtual reality to be displayed on the head mounted display wherein the avatar comprises a virtual limb corresponding to the limb that is injured;  and sending the base video signal to the head mounted display for visualization. The method further comprises in response to a trigger signal from the subject,  sending an exercise video signal representing the avatar in the virtual reality performing an exercise to start the visual rendering of the exercise in the head mounted display,  even though the corresponding real limb is substantially immobile and provides no input at all. Such exercise is aimed at rehabilitation of the limb from the injury with the virtual limb corresponding to the immobile limb and it is displayed taking into account the orientation of the head mounted display. A computer program and computing systems for providing a treatment session for motor training are also disclosed.

公开（公告）号：CN108140421A

公开（公告）日：2018-06-08

申请号：CN201680043675.1

申请日：2016-07-29

申请人：巴塞罗纳大学; 生物医学研究所; 加泰罗尼亚调研高等研究学院

当前法律状态：实质审查





84、MOTOR TRAINING

标题（翻译）：运动训练

摘要：A method for motor training comprising :  receiving from one or more sensors an orientation of a head mounted display of the subject;  adapting a base video signal representing an avatar of the subject in a virtual reality to be displayed on the head mounted display wherein the avatar comprises a virtual limb corresponding to the limb that is injured;  and sending the base video signal to the head mounted display for visualization. The method further comprises in response to a trigger signal from the subject,  sending an exercise video signal representing the avatar in the virtual reality performing an exercise to start the visual rendering of the exercise in the head mounted display,  even though the corresponding real limb is substantially immobile and provides no input at all. Such exercise is aimed at rehabilitation of the limb from the injury with the virtual limb corresponding to the immobile limb and it is displayed taking into account the orientation of the head mounted display.. A computer program and computing systems for providing a treatment session for motor training are also disclosed.

摘要（翻译）：电机实训方法包括 : 接收来自一个或多个传感器取向的头戴式显示器的对象的距离；适配基座中的所述对象代表化身的视频信号上要显示的虚拟现实头戴式显示器，其中包括 : 虚拟化身的肢体对应肢体受伤；与基础视频信号发送至所述头戴式显示器的可视化。该方法还包括响应于触发信号从所述受试者，发送代表化身的虚拟现实中运动视频信号进行锻炼时，启动可视化漫游头戴式显示器中的运动，即使对应的真实肢体的基本上是不动的并且不提供输入的优点。这种肢体康复锻炼的目的是从与虚拟损伤肢体相对应的固定肢体，其被显示在考虑..的朝向所述头戴式显示器计算机程序和计算系统，用于提供电机实训还公开了一种处理会话。

公开（公告）号：WO2017021320A1

公开（公告）日：2017-02-09

申请号：WOEP16068201

申请日：2016-07-29

申请人：UNIVERSITAT DE BARCELONA; INSTITUT D' INVESTIGACIONS BIOMÈDIQUES AUGUST PI I SUNYER (IDIBAPS); INSTITUCIÓ CATALANA DE RECERCA I ESTUDIS AVANÇATS

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





85、BRAIN-CONTROLLED INTERFACE SYSTEM AND CANDIDATE OPTIMIZATION FOR SAME

标题（翻译）：脑控接口系统及其候选优化

摘要：A system and method for using the system that permits a severely-ability challenged user to communicate with his or her environment using a brain-controlled interface. In one embodiment,  the user' s functional capability with the system is assessed to enhance candidate optimization for system benefit.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于使用该系统的系统和方法，该系统允许能力受到严重挑战的用户使用大脑控制的接口与其环境通信。 在一个实施例中，评估用户与系统的功能能力，以增强候选优化，从而使系统受益。

公开（公告）号：US20170031440A1

公开（公告）日：2017-02-02

申请号：US15215868

申请日：2016-07-21

申请人：Kennesaw State University Research and Service Foundation Inc





86、System and method for learning [...] blurring in machine interface

标题（翻译）：...]中的模糊学习系统和方法机接口

摘要：A method,  system and computer readable media for a BMI using a fixed decoder based on ratios of different frequency bands,  making the decoder robust,  less jittery,  and resistant to artifacts. The fixed decoder can be configured to use a limited subset of available channels. The decoder can therefore be optimized for each human subject (frequency bands to use,  ratios to process the received signals,  which channels,  weights,  etc.) and then fixed. Output from the fixed decoder can be provided to a training program that implements specific feedback and training parameters,  thereby enabling subjects to learn to control devices rapidly,  as well as consolidate this control. The training program provides continuous feedback of the current transformation being output by the fixed decoder in conjunction with feedback of the past transformations (e.g.,  up to a second before) and saliency of the feedback when goals of the task are achieved.

摘要（翻译）：根据不同的频带上使用固定比率解码器，解码器是鲁棒的，抖动少，BMI的抗伪影的方法，系统和计算机可读介质。固定译码器，可用信道的一个有限子集可以被配置使用。因此，所述解码器，每个优化的人体受试者(要使用的频带，比接收到的信号进行处理，一个信道，例如重量)，当固定。从固定解码器的输出，训练程序，提供特定的反馈，参数训练，因此，受所述控制和集成，控制器能很快学习。培训项目，由解码器将该连续的输出的电流反馈的固定，(例如，前1秒)反馈的目标任务时实现了以往协作来提供反馈。所述突起。

公开（公告）号：JP2018530843A

公开（公告）日：2018-10-18

申请号：JP2018521723

申请日：2016-07-13

申请人：フンダサン  デー．アンナ  ソーメル  チャンパリマウド  エー  ドクトル  カルロス  モンテス  チャンパリマウド





87、Co-device to a Mobile Device for Integrated Use and Experience of Mobile Applications on Another Device and Display

标题（翻译）：与移动设备协同设备，用于在另一设备和显示器上集成移动应用的使用和体验

摘要：Systems and methods are provided for employing a co-device with a mobile/second device for sharing a user experience of mobile applications on both the mobile/second device and another display/first device.

摘要（翻译）：提供了用于使用与移动/第二设备的协同设备来共享移动/第二设备和另一显示器/第一设备上的移动应用的用户体验的系统和方法。

公开（公告）号：US20160381108A1

公开（公告）日：2016-12-29

申请号：US15193067

申请日：2016-06-26

申请人：Bart Van Coppenolle; Johan Cloetens





88、HALIDOSILANE COMPOUNDS AND COMPOSITIONS AND PROCESSES FOR DEPOSITING SILICON-CONTAINING FILMS USING SAME

标题（翻译）：halidosilane化合物和组合物和使用其的沉积含硅薄膜的方法

摘要：Halidosilane compounds,  processes for synthesizing halidosilane compounds,  compositions comprising halidosilane precursors,  and processes for depositing silicon- containing films (e.g.,  silicon,  amorphous silicon,  silicon oxide,  silicon nitride,  silicon carbide,  silicon oxynitride,  silicon carbonitride,  doped silicon films,  and metal-doped silicon nitride films) using halidosilane precursors. Examples of halidosilane precursor compounds described herein,  include,  but are not limited to,  monochlorodisilane (MCDS),  monobromodisilane (MBDS),  monoiododisilane (MIDS),  monochlorotrisilane (MCTS),  and monobromotrisilane (MBTS),  monoiodotrisilane (MITS). Also described herein are methods for depositing silicon containing films such as,  without limitation,  silicon,  amorphous silicon,  silicon oxide,  silicon nitride,  silicon carbide,  silicon oxynitride,  silicon carbonitride,  doped silicon films,  and metal-doped silicon nitride films,  at one or more deposition temperatures of about 500°C or less.

摘要（翻译）：halidosilane化合物，halidosilane化合物的合成方法，组合物，其包含halidosilane前体，用于沉积含硅薄膜的方法(例如，硅，非晶硅，氧化硅，氮化硅，碳化硅，氧氮化硅，碳氮化硅，掺杂硅膜和金属掺杂的氮化硅膜)使用halidosilane前体。halidosilane本文描述的化合物的前体的例子，包括，但不限于，monochlorodisilane(mcds)，monobromodisilane(mbds)，monoiododisilane(mids)，monochlorotrisilane(mcts)，和monobromotrisilane(mbts)，monoiodotrisilane(mits)。还描述了用于沉积含硅薄膜的方法，例如，但不限于，硅，非晶硅，氧化硅，氮化硅，碳化硅，氮氧化硅，碳氮化硅，掺杂的硅膜，和金属掺杂的氮化硅膜，在一个或多个沉积温度为大约500℃或更低。

公开（公告）号：WO2016205196A2

公开（公告）日：2016-12-22

申请号：WOUS16037370

申请日：2016-06-14

申请人：AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





89、THERAPEUTIC TARGETING OF MYELOPOLIFERATIVE NEOPLASMAS BY DUSP1 INHIBITION

标题（翻译）：DUSP1抑制剂靶向治疗骨髓增生异常综合征

摘要：Methods and compositions disclosed herein generally relate to methods,  compounds,  and compositions for treating myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs) or a symptom thereof,  comprising administering,  to a subject in need thereof,  a therapeutically effective amount of a DUSP1 inhibiting compound,  or of a pharmaceutically acceptable salt,  ester,  solvate,  pharmaceutically usable derivative,  or prodrug thereof. Embodiments of the invention also relate to use of a compound,  or pharmaceutically acceptable salt,  ester,  solvate,  pharmaceutically usable derivative,  or prodrug thereof,  for the preparation of a composition or medicament for the treatment of a myeloproliferative neoplasm (MPN),  wherein the compound is an inhibitor of DUSP1.

摘要（翻译）：本文公开的方法和组合物一般涉及治疗骨髓增生性肿瘤或其症状的方法、化合物和组合物，包括向需要其的受试者施用治疗有效量的DUSP1抑制化合物，或其药学上可接受的盐、酯、溶剂化物、药学上可使用的衍生物或前药。 本发明的实施方案还涉及化合物或其药学上可接受的盐、酯、溶剂化物、药学上可使用的衍生物或前药在制备用于治疗骨髓增生性肿瘤(MPN)的组合物或药物中的用途，其中所述化合物是DUSP1的抑制剂。

公开（公告）号：US20180153877A1

公开（公告）日：2018-06-07

申请号：US15579531

申请日：2016-06-03

申请人：Children' s Hospital Medical Center

当前法律状态：暂缺





90、THERAPEUTIC TARGETING OF MYELOPROLIFERATIVE NEOPLASMS BY DUSP1 INHIBITION

标题（翻译）：通过dusp1治疗骨髓增生性肿瘤靶向抑制

摘要：Methods and compositions disclosed herein generally relate to methods,  compounds,  and compositions for treating myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs) or a symptom thereof,  comprising administering,  to a subject in need thereof,  a therapeutically effective amount of a DUSP1 inhibiting compound,  or of a pharmaceutically acceptable salt,  ester,  solvate,  pharmaceutically usable derivative,  or prodrug thereof. Embodiments of the invention also relate to use of a compound,  or pharmaceutically acceptable salt,  ester,  solvate,  pharmaceutically usable derivative,  or prodrug thereof,  for the preparation of a composition or medicament for the treatment of a myeloproliferative neoplasm (MPN),  wherein the compound is an inhibitor of DUSP1.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供的方法和组合物涉及这样的方法，化合物，和组合物治疗骨髓增生性肿瘤(MPN)或其症状，包括给予，一种在需要其的受试者，dusp1抑制治疗有效量的化合物，或其药学上可接受的盐，酯，溶剂化物，药学上可接受的衍生物或前药。本发明实施例还涉及使用化合物，或其药学上可接受的盐，酯，溶剂化物，药学上可用的衍生物，或其前药，用于制备组合物或药物，用于治疗骨髓增生性肿瘤(mpn)，所述化合物是dusp1抑制剂。

公开（公告）号：WO2016196991A1

公开（公告）日：2016-12-08

申请号：WOUS16035815

申请日：2016-06-03

申请人：CHILDREN' S HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





91、用于座椅的机电式控制系统

标题（翻译）：Electromechanical control assembly for a chair

摘要：本发明涉及一种用于座椅的机电式控制系统，包括坐具和移动式终端设备，它们为了数据传送相互耦联或者能够相互耦联，其中，所述坐具包括至少一个机电式促动器或/和至少一个传感器元件，并且所述移动式终端设备设置用于从使用者获得输入，并且基于该输入控制所述至少一个促动器；或/和接收并处理从所述至少一个传感器元件获取的数据；并且所述坐具和移动式终端设备分别具有至少一个通信器件，这些通信器件设置用于在所述坐具和移动式终端设备之间进行无线的数据传送。此外，本发明还涉及一种相应的方法。

摘要（翻译）：The invention relates to a system comprising a seat (10) and a mobile terminal that are or can be connected to one another in order to transmit data,  wherein the seat (10) comprises at least one electromechanical actuator (22,  24,  26,  28) and/or at least one sensor element (32,  34,  36,  38),  the mobile terminal is designed to receive inputs from a user and control the at least one actuator (22,  24,  26,  28) on the basis of these inputs and/or to receive and process data collected by the at least one sensor element (32,  34,  36,  38),  and the seat (10) and the mobile terminal are each provided with at least one communication means (44),  which are designed to wirelessly transmit data between the seat (10) and the mobile terminal. The invention also relates to a corresponding method.

公开（公告）号：CN106108458A

公开（公告）日：2016-11-16

申请号：CN201610285894.2

申请日：2016-05-03

申请人：斯泰必鲁斯有限公司

当前法律状态：实质审查





92、ELECTROMECHANICAL CONTROL ASSEMBLY FOR A CHAIR

标题（翻译）：用于椅子机电控制组件

摘要：The invention relates to a system comprising a seat (10) and a mobile terminal that are or can be connected to one another in order to transmit data,  wherein the seat (10) comprises at least one electromechanical actuator (22,  24,  26,  28) and/or at least one sensor element (32,  34,  36,  38),  the mobile terminal is designed to receive inputs from a user and control the at least one actuator (22,  24,  26,  28) on the basis of these inputs and/or to receive and process data collected by the at least one sensor element (32,  34,  36,  38),  and the seat (10) and the mobile terminal are each provided with at least one communication means (44),  which are designed to wirelessly transmit data between the seat (10) and the mobile terminal. The invention also relates to a corresponding method.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种包括座椅(10)和移动终端的系统，座椅(10)和移动终端彼此连接或可以彼此连接以便传输数据， 其中所述座椅(10)包括至少一个机电致动器(22)， 24，26，28)和/或至少一个传感器元件(32，34，36，38)，移动终端被设计成接收来自用户的输入并基于这些输入控制至少一个致动器(22，24，26，28)和/或接收和处理由至少一个传感器元件(32，34，36，38)收集的数据，并且座椅(10)和移动终端各自设置有至少一个通信装置(44)，其被设计成在座椅(10)和移动终端之间无线地发送数据。 本发明还涉及相应的方法。

公开（公告）号：US20160327933A1

公开（公告）日：2016-11-10

申请号：US15138402

申请日：2016-04-26

申请人：Stabilus GmbH

当前法律状态：暂缺





93、基于视觉运动诱发的脑控下肢主被动协同康复训练系统

标题（翻译）：Visual motion evoked brain-controlled lower limb active and passive cooperative rehabilitation training system

摘要：基于视觉运动诱发的脑控下肢主被动协同康复训练系统，包括视觉刺激模块，视觉刺激模块的输出和脑电信号采集模块的第一输入连接，脑电信号采集模块的第二输入和下肢康复训练模块的输出连接，脑电信号采集模块的输出和具有主被动协同控制模块的计算机的输入连接，具有主被动协同控制模块的计算机的第一输出和视觉刺激模块的输入连接，具有主被动协同控制模块的计算机的第二输出和下肢康复训练模块的输入连接；实现对运动控制神经的主动刺激和对运动感知神经的被动刺激，建立一条闭环的神经旁路，促进神经重组与重建；同时，充分发挥患者的主观意愿来进行康复训练，增强康复训练的趣味性来调动患者的积极性。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses a visual motion evoked brain-controlled lower limb active and passive cooperative rehabilitation training system,  which comprises a visual stimulation module,  wherein the output of the visual stimulation module is connected to the first input of an electroencephalogram signal acquisition module;  the second input of the electroencephalogram signal acquisition module is connected to the output of a lower limb rehabilitation training module;  the output of the electroencephalogram signal acquisition module is connected to the input of a computer which is provided with an active and passive cooperative control module;  the first output of the computer which is provided with the active and passive cooperative control module is connected to the input of the visual stimulation module;  and the second output of the computer which is provided with the active and passive cooperative control module is connected to the input of the lower limb rehabilitation training module;  active stimulation on motion control nerves and passive stimulation on motion perception nerves are achieved,  and a closed-loop nerve bypass is established so as to promote neural reorganization and reconstruction;  and meanwhile,  the rehabilitation training is completed on the basis of the full development of patient' s subjective desire,  and the interesting of the rehabilitation training is enhanced,  so that patient' s initiative is mobilized.

公开（公告）号：CN105853140A

公开（公告）日：2016-08-17

申请号：CN201610176832.8

申请日：2016-03-24

申请人：西安交通大学

当前法律状态：授权





94、The neuron activity sensing electromagnetic replication

标题（翻译）：感应电磁复制的神经元活动

摘要：The present invention presents methods and apparatus for detecting,  imaging,  monitoring,  and modulating of brain activities and neuronal activities in the brain using radiofrequency (RF) electromagnetic (EM) waves,  as well as methods and apparatus for detecting,  imaging,  and monitoring breathing and heart-beating using RF EM waves.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及脑(EM)中的脑活动的电磁波(RF)(1，7)，和(5)神经活动的检测、成像、监测和调制方法和装置，以及使用呼吸(EM)的高频(RF)电磁波，和用于监测心跳的方法。

公开（公告）号：JP2018538017A

公开（公告）日：2018-12-27

申请号：JP2018518500

申请日：2016-03-22

申请人：シャー・チェン





95、ACTIVITY-CENTRIC CONTEXTUAL MODES OF OPERATION FOR ELECTRONIC DEVICES

标题（翻译）：活动为中心的操作情景模式的电子装置

摘要：Electronic devices have become smarter and now use sensors to monitor environment in order to operate differently for different environmental conditions. This invention identifies user' s activity and/or user' s intention to an activity as the key environmental condition. Thus,  electronic devices with this invention detect user' s activity and/or user' s intention to an activity,  and operate differently for different user-activity and/or user' s intention to different activity. User-activities are defined using the principle of 5W1H (When,  Where,  Who,  What,  Why,  How) from linguistic grammar to describe full details of user-activity. For each user-activity,  there are one or more respective activity-centric contextual modes of operation,  which define how said electronic devices operate respectively and differently for different user-activities. This invention also provides how activity-centric contextual modes of operation should be implemented to plurality of electronic devices within network. Therefore,  when one electronic device detects a new user-activity,  said electronic device may notify said new user-activity to other electronic devices within network and plurality of electronic devices within network may shift to respective contextual modes of operation for said new user-activity.

摘要（翻译）：电子器件变得更加智能化和现在使用的传感器进行监测以操作不同的环境不同的环境条件。本发明标识出用户的行为和/或用户意图的活性的关键环境条件。由此，本发明的电子装置检测用户的行为和/或用户意图的活性，对于不同的用户活动和操作不同和/或用户的意图不同的活性。用户活动定义5w1h(当使用原理，其中，谁“，”什么原因，从语言语法来描述如何使用)的全部细节的用户活动。每个用户活动，存在一个或多个相应活动为中心的操作情景模式，它定义了如何将所述电子设备的不同用户分别进行不同的操作活动。本发明还提供了如何以活动为中心的操作情景模式的情况下，实施对多个电子设备网络。因此，一个电子设备检测到新的用户活动时，所述电子设备可以通知所述新的用户活性的其他网络和多个电子设备内的电子装置在网络切换到相应的情景模式操作所述新用户活动。

公开（公告）号：WO2017142116A1

公开（公告）日：2017-08-24

申请号：WOKR16002099

申请日：2016-03-02

申请人：LEE Joonyoung

当前法律状态：暂缺





96、METHOD AND APPLICATION PERFORMANCE MONITORING DEVICE FOR MONITORING TRANSACTION BY ANALYZING PACKETS IN THE PACKET PROCESSING SYSTEM

标题（翻译）：方法和应用性能监测装置用于监测通过分析交易系统中的分组的分组处理

摘要：The present invention relates to a method and an application performance monitoring (APM) apparatus for monitoring transaction by analyzing packets in a packet processing system. The method for monitoring transaction by analyzing packets in a packet processing system configured to process packets received from a client device according to an aspect of the present invention comprises the steps of :  (a) when at least one packet is acquired through port mirroring for a packet processing system,  classifying,  by an APM apparatus,  the acquired at least one packet based on at least one of a port or IP address of a client device,  or supporting,  by the APM apparatus,  the classification;  (b) for each of one or more packets classified as an identical class,  identifying,  by the APM apparatus,  a packet transmitted from at least one specific device among the client device and at least one processing device within the packet processing system and a pair of packets received by the specific device in response to the packet transmitted from the specific device,  or supporting,  by the APM apparatus,  the identification;  and (c) acquiring,  by the APM apparatus,  information about transaction by using information about the identified pair of packets.COPYRIGHT KIPO 2016

摘要（翻译）：根据本发明的一个方面，客户端装置从分组要发送的数据包的处理识别系统中的事务监控数据包捕获方法中，端口镜像(a)所述至少一个分组的分组处理系统获得表面，香精B24410.3应用性能监测装置，所述至少一个分组获取客户设备基于IP端口和至少一个辅助分类或分类，(b)所述APM装置，至少一个属于同一类别的分组，所述客户机设备和所述至少一个分组的处理在处理系统的至少一个特定装置的特定于设备的所述地址进行比较，与IP，相应的基础层媒体包被从所述特定设备对接收到的分组的识别，以协助或以其他方式标识，以及(c)所述APM装置，所述一对所述方法使用关于所说交易包括所识别的分组步骤，以获得本发明的课题在于提供一种有关的信息。

公开（公告）号：KR101641637B1

公开（公告）日：2016-07-21

申请号：KR1020160024683

申请日：2016-02-29

申请人：TMAXSOFT CO LTD

当前法律状态：有效





97、调节通过网络传输的数字内容

标题（翻译）：Regulating digital content transmitted over a network

摘要：本发明对用于通过网络传输和接收数字内容的装置和方法的实施例进行了说明。在实施例中，装置可以将数字内容和任务传输至用户装置，接收任务表现数据，处理该数据以确定针对任务的合规性信息，并且至少部分地基于合规性信息而调节数字内容。可以公开和/或要求保护其他实施例。

摘要（翻译）：The present disclosure describes embodiments of apparatuses and method for transmitting and receiving digital content over a network. In embodiments,  an apparatus may transmit digital content and a task to a user device,  receive task performance data,  process the data to determine compliance information to the task,  and regulate the digital content base at least in part on the compliance information. Other embodiments may be disclosed and/or claimed.

公开（公告）号：CN105989188A

公开（公告）日：2016-10-05

申请号：CN201610090136.5

申请日：2016-02-17

申请人：英特尔公司

当前法律状态：实质审查





98、The wearable physiological test equipment

标题（翻译）：所述可穿戴生理测试设备

摘要：[Problem] wearable physiological examination equipment. [Solution] 10 is wearable physiological examination equipment,  brain activity information used for deciding which guides and breathing,  user 1 in two [...],  brain function based self-adjusting,  thereby realizing [...]. The apparatus,  by providing a mounting structure,  and/or heart rate and/or a lug or ear near the head area of the brain unit is installed,  thereby obtaining information on brain activity and breathing action. Figure 2 [drawing]

摘要（翻译）：[问题]本发明的可穿戴生理检查设备。[解决方案]10的可穿戴生理检查设备，脑活动信息来决定其用于引导和呼吸，用户在两个圆椎卡1]，基于自调节脑功能，从而实现[...]。该装置中，通过提供一种安装结构，和/或心率和/或头附近的挂耳上或耳安装的脑部区域，从而获得大脑活动，呼吸动作信息。图[图2]

公开（公告）号：JP3217017U

公开（公告）日：2018-06-20

申请号：JP2017600128U

申请日：2016-01-25

申请人：CHOU Chang An





99、WEARABLE PHYSIOLOGICAL MONITORING DEVICE

标题（翻译）：可穿戴式生理监护仪

摘要：The present invention discloses a wearable physiological monitoring device for providing brain activity information and deciding a breathing guiding signal in a neurofeedback section,  for being a basis for a user to perform a self-regulation about brain function. The device includes a wearable structure for mounting plural EEG electrodes and/or optical sensor on the head and/or an ear of the user so as to obtain information about brain activity and respiratory behavior.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了一种可佩戴的生理监测装置，用于在神经反馈部分提供脑活动信息和确定呼吸引导信号，作为用户进行脑功能自我调节的依据。 该装置包括可穿戴结构，用于在用户的头部和/或耳朵上安装多个EEG电极和/或光学传感器，以便获得关于大脑活动和呼吸行为的信息。

公开（公告）号：US20180014741A1

公开（公告）日：2018-01-18

申请号：US15546282

申请日：2016-01-25

申请人：Chang An Chou





100、EAR-WORN PHYSIOLOGICAL DETECTION DEVICE

标题（翻译）：耳戴式生理检测装置

摘要：An ear-worn physiological detection device,  which comprises a magnetic ear-worn structure (1),  a physiological signal capturing circuit,  an optical transmitter component (112),  an optical receiver component (114),  and multiple electroencephalographic electrodes (116 and 118). The magnetic ear-worn structure (1) is provided with a first component (10) and a second component (12) that are magnetically attracted to each other while being separated by a part of the auricle (100). The optical transmitter component (112) and the optical receiver component (114) are arranged on the magnetic ear-worn structure (1) so as to be fixed onto the auricle part (100) when the magnetic ear-worn structure (1) is affixed to the auricle part (100),  thus acquiring relevant physiological information of the cardiovascular system. In addition,  at least one of the electroencephalographic electrodes (116 and 118) is also arranged on the magnetic ear-worn structure (1) to be in contact with the skin of the auricle part (100),  while at least another of the electrodes is in contact with the skin of another part,  thus forming an electroencephalographic signal circuit and acquiring an electroencephalographic signal.

摘要（翻译）：一种耳戴式生理检测装置，其包括一磁性耳戴结构(1)，一生理信号撷取电路，一光发射组件(112)与一光接收组件(114)，以及多个脑电电极(116，118)，其中，该磁性耳戴结构(1)具有可隔着一耳廓(100)的一部分而彼此磁性相吸的一第一部件(10)以及一第二部件(12)，该光发射组件(112)以及该光接收组件(114)设置于该磁性耳戴结构(1)上，以在该磁性耳戴结构(1)吸附于该耳廓部分(100)时，固定于该耳廓部分(100)上，以获得相关心血管系统的生理信息，另外，至少其中一脑电电极(116，118)亦设置于该磁性耳戴结构(1)上，以接触该耳廓部分(100)的皮肤，以及至少其中另一电极接触一其它部分皮肤，以形成一脑电信号检测回路，进而取得脑电信号。

公开（公告）号：WO2016119659A1

公开（公告）日：2016-08-04

申请号：WOCN16072002

申请日：2016-01-25

申请人：CHOU Chang An

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





101、WEARABLE PHYSIOLOGICAL DETECTION DEVICE

标题（翻译）：穿戴式生理检测装置

摘要：A wearable physiological detection device (10) for use in providing brain activity information and determining a respiratory pilot signal to serve as a basis for a user to self-adjust brain functions in a neurophysiological feedback section,  thus attaining a neurophysiological feedback loop. The device is provided with a wearable structure (14) that has a computer electrode (143) and/or a heart rate sensing unit (141 and 142) arranged onto the head and/or an ear or an area in proximity to the ear,  thus acquiring brain activity information and information related to respiratory activities.

摘要（翻译）：一种穿戴式生理检测装置(10)，用以提供脑部活动信息以及决定一呼吸导引信号，以作为使用者在一神经生理回馈区段中自我调整脑部功能的基础，进而达成一神经生理回馈回路。该装置具有一穿戴结构(14)，以将脑电电极(143)及/或心率感测单元(141，142)设置于头部及/或耳朵或耳朵附近区域，进而取得脑部活动信息以及有关呼吸行为的信息。

公开（公告）号：WO2016119665A1

公开（公告）日：2016-08-04

申请号：WOCN16072023

申请日：2016-01-25

申请人：CHOU Chang An

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





102、基于FPGA的运动障碍非侵入式康复的闭环脑-机-体系统

标题（翻译）：Dyskinesia non-intrusive rehabilitative closed-loop brain-computer integrated system based on FPGA

摘要：本发明提供一种基于FPGA的运动障碍非侵入式康复的闭环脑-机-体系统，该系统以FPGA作为控制核心建立基底核、丘脑皮层假体硬件模型，以基于FPGA的自适应控制算法计算所得数据作为输入，进行控制模型参数整定与力反馈调节，直至达到预期控制结果，实现基于动态因果模型的自适应控制算法，输出力反馈信号，从而实现运动障碍性神经系统疾病患者的康复治疗。本发明的效果是实现了运动障碍性神经系统疾病患者的康复治疗，同时实现了对复杂的基底核、丘脑皮层神经元网络以及对复杂动态因果模型自适应控制算法的建模。该平台可以为运动障碍性神经系统疾病的康复性治疗提供有效的理论依据和技术支持，对研究帕金森症、癫痫、阿兹海默症等神经疾病控制与治疗有重要的实用价值。

摘要（翻译）：The invention provides a dyskinesia non-intrusive rehabilitative closed-loop brain-computer integrated system based on an FPGA. The FPGA is used as a control core of the system,  nuclei basales and thalamic-cortical prosthesis hardware model is set up,  data obtained through calculation of a self-adaptation control algorithm based on the FPGA is used as input to control model parameter setting and force feedback and adjustment until an expected control result is achieved,  the self-adaptation control algorithm based on the dynamic causal model is realized,  force feedback signals are output,  and therefore rehabilitation of patients with the dyskinesia nervous system diseases is achieved. Rehabilitation of the patients with dyskinesia nervous system diseases is achieved,  and the complex nuclei basales and thalamic-cortical neuron network and the self-adaptation control algorithm of the dynamic causal model are modeled. The platform provides the effective theoretical basis and technical support for rehabilitation of the dyskinesia nervous system diseases and has important practical value in research on control and treatment on nerve diseases such as Parkinson' s disease,  epilepsia and alzheimer' s disease.

公开（公告）号：CN105653873A

公开（公告）日：2016-06-08

申请号：CN201610026971.2

申请日：2016-01-15

申请人：天津大学

当前法律状态：授权





103、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR KNOWLEDGE TRANSFER WITH A GAME

标题（翻译）：利用游戏进行知识转移的系统和方法

摘要：An educational picture game is played through responses to questions provided at points in the picture game and enhances factual assimilation and retention for the user. The user selects or generates responses to progress through the game and correct responses lead to the emergence of a picture or image,  i.e. providing a visual,  motivating indicator of progress towards completion. Various indications can be provided to inform the user about the correctness of responses and their extent of progress towards completing the learning activity. The indications may be completion of parts of an image,  audio or visual cues,  suggested reference materials or other information that tends to boost learning and assist the user in assimilating and applying facts in different knowledge domains. The user may receive a reward for providing correct responses or successfully completing the picture.

摘要（翻译）：通过对图片游戏中的点处提供的问题的响应来玩教育图片游戏，并增强用户的事实同化和保持。 用户通过游戏选择或生成对进展的响应，并且正确的响应导致图片或图像的出现，即提供朝向完成的进展的视觉的、激励的指示器。 可以提供各种指示来通知用户关于响应的正确性及其在完成学习活动方面的进展程度。 指示可以是图像、音频或视频线索、建议的参考材料或倾向于促进学习并帮助用户吸收和应用不同知识领域中的事实的其他信息的部分的完成。 用户可以因提供正确的响应或成功地完成图片而接收奖励。

公开（公告）号：US20180126260A1

公开（公告）日：2018-05-10

申请号：US14994879

申请日：2016-01-13

申请人：Ankit Chansoriya; Ravindra Jain; Donald M O' Malley





104、METHOD FOR CALIBRATING A MULTI-CHANNEL NEURAL INTERFACE DIRECT REGRESSION PENALISEE

标题（翻译）：方法用于校准多通道神经接口直接回归penalisee

公开（公告）号：FR3046471B1

公开（公告）日：2018-02-16

申请号：FR16050092

申请日：2016-01-06

申请人：COMMISSARIAT A LENERGIE ATOMIQUE ET AUX ENERGIES ALTERNATIVES

当前法律状态：审中





105、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR OPERATING AND CONTROLLING A HYPER CONFIGURABLE HUMANOID ROBOT TO PERFORM MULTIPLE APPLICATIONS IN VARIOUS WORK ENVIRONMENTS

标题（翻译）：用于操作和控制的系统和方法可配置的高仿人机器人完成各种工作环境中的多种应用

摘要：A processor implemented method for performing and controlling a humanoid robot is provided. The method includes the following steps :  (i) obtaining a data from a perception unit to analyze a work environmental conditions,  (ii) providing communication between (a) the humanoid robot and a cloud server,  and (b) the cloud server and one or more robots,  (iii) detecting an acquisition of image and distance information about the working environmental condition or one or more applications to create a map of the working environmental condition for navigation,  (iv) providing a feedback and control information to the humanoid robot,  and (v) providing an input to the humanoid robot based on the one or more sensors or the user devices or the user to perform a necessary action for the working environmental condition or the one or more applications.

摘要（翻译）：一种处理器实现的方法，用于执行与控制仿人机器人设置。该方法包括以下步骤 : (i)从感知单元获取数据分析工作环境条件，(ii)提供(a)仿人机器人和云服务器之间的通信，和(B)云服务器和一个或多个机器人，(iii)图像和距离信息检测采集的工作环境条件或一个或多个应用创建地图导航的工作环境条件，(iv)提供的仿人机器人的反馈和控制信息，和(v)提供输入到仿人机器人基于所述一个或多个传感器或用户设备或使用者的工作环境条件下进行必要的动作或所述一个或多个应用。

公开（公告）号：IN7012CHE2015A

公开（公告）日：2017-06-30

申请号：IN7012CHE2015

申请日：2015-12-28

申请人：NIRANJAN CHANDRIKA GOVINDARAJAN





106、NOVEL METHODS OF ATOMIC LAYER ETCHING (ALE) USING SEQUENTIAL,  SELF-LIMITING THERMAL REACTIONS

标题（翻译）：(ale)使用顺序的原子层蚀刻的新方法，自限的热反应

摘要：The invention includes a method of promoting atomic layer etching (ALE) of a surface. In certain embodiments,  the method comprises sequential reactions with a metal precursor and a halogen-containing gas. The invention provides a solid substrate obtained according t any of the methods of the invention. The invention further provides a porous substrate obtained according to any of the methods of the invention. The invention further provides a patterned solid substrate obtained according to any of the methods of the invention.

摘要（翻译）：本发明包括一种方法，促进(ale)的原子层蚀刻的表面上。在某些实施方案中，所述方法包括顺序反应具有金属前体和含卤素的气体。本发明提供了一种固体基质制得的本发明的任何方法。本发明还提供了一种获得多孔基材根据本发明的方法。本发明还提供了一种根据获得的任何固体基板的图案化方法，本发明。

公开（公告）号：WO2016100873A1

公开（公告）日：2016-06-23

申请号：WOUS15066789

申请日：2015-12-18

申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO A BODY CORPORATE

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





107、PROCESS FOR PRODUCING AN ELECTRODE CONTAINING SILICON PARTICLES COATED WITH CARBON

标题（翻译）：含电极的制造方法涂覆的硅颗粒与碳

摘要：The present invention relates to a process for producing an electrode containing silicon particles which are coated with carbon (SP2). The respective process is carried out under plasma conditions in combination with a fluidized bed process since silicon particles (SP1) to be coated with carbon are fluidized into the reactive zone of an apparatus (A),  employing a gaseous stream (G) containing at least one carbon- containing gas. The coating of the silicon particles (SP1) in the reactive zone (RZ) of apparatus (A) is preferably carried out via a chemical vapor deposition (CVD) process. The silicon particles coated with carbon (SP2) as obtained in process step d) of the present invention are further processed in order to obtain an electrode containing such silicon particles coated with carbon (SP2). The present invention further relates to such an electrode as well as to a battery containing such an electrode. The present invention also relates to the use of such an electrode containing silicon particles coated with carbon (SP2) within such a battery which preferably is a lithium-ion-battery.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种含有硅粒子电极的制造方法，涂覆有碳(SP2)。在各个工序中，在等离子体条件下进行组合与流化床的过程，因为硅颗粒(SP1)被涂覆有碳的流化到反应区的设备(A)，采用气态流(g)含有至少一个含碳气体。涂层的硅颗粒(SP1)在反应区(RZ)装置(A)优选进行一种化学气相沉积(CVD)工艺。所述涂覆的硅颗粒与碳(SP2)中获得的工艺步骤d)本发明的进一步处理以获得电极含有该硅颗粒涂覆有碳(SP2)。本发明还涉及这种电极以及以含有这种电极的电池。本发明还涉及使用这种电极，该电极包含涂覆的硅颗粒与碳(SP2)内这种电池优选为锂离子电池。

公开（公告）号：WO2016091957A1

公开（公告）日：2016-06-16

申请号：WOEP15079137

申请日：2015-12-09

申请人：BASF SE; MAX PLANCK GESELLSCHAFT ZUR FÖRDERUNG DER WISSENSCHAFTEN E V

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





108、DEVICE AND METHOD FOR INFLUENCING BRAIN ACTIVITY

标题（翻译）：用于影响的大脑活动的装置和方法

摘要：The present invention relates to a device (100) for influencing brain activity. The device (100) comprises a sensor (10),  which is configured to measure a wave-form of an electrical activity of a human brain (HB) and which is configured to provide a correspondingly transduced signal (TS). The device (100) further comprises processor (20),  which is configured to generate a stimulation signal (STS) based on the transduced signal (TS) and to assign at least one parameter (P) varying with respect to time to the stimulation signal (STS),  wherein the least one parameter (P) and the transduced signal (TS) are uncorrelated signals with respect to time. Still further,  the device (100) comprises a stimulator (30),  which is configured to provide visual and/or auditory stimulation of the electrical activity of the human brain (HB) using the stimulation signal (STS) and the least one parameter (P).

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种装置(100)，用于调节脑活动。所述装置(100)包括传感器(10)，它被配置成测量波形的电活动的人的脑部(HB)和被配置为提供相应的传感信号(TS)。所述装置(100)还包括处理器(20)，其被配置为生成刺激信号(STS)基于传感信号(ts)，并布置了至少一个参数(P)相对于时间的变化刺激信号(STS)，所述至少一个参数(P)和相对于时间是不相关的信号转导信号(TS)。此外，所述装置(100)包括刺激器(30)，其经配置以提供视觉和/或听觉刺激人的大脑电活动的刺激信号(STS)使用(hb)和所述至少一个参数(P)。

公开（公告）号：WO2016097937A1

公开（公告）日：2016-06-23

申请号：WOIB15059463

申请日：2015-12-09

申请人：KONINKLIJKE PHILIPS N V

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





109、ELECTROMAGNETIC WAVE SENSING AND MODULATING OF NEURONAL ACTIVITIES

标题（翻译）：神经元活动的电磁波传感与调制

摘要：The present invention presents methods and apparatus for detecting,  imaging,  monitoring,  and modulating of brain activities and neuronal activities in the brain using radiofrequency (RF) electromagnetic (EM) waves,  as well as methods and apparatus for detecting,  imaging,  and monitoring breathing and heart-beating using RF EM waves.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了使用射频(RF)电磁波检测、成像、监测和调节大脑中的脑活动和神经元活动的方法和装置，以及使用RF电磁波检测、成像和监测呼吸和心跳的方法和装置。

公开（公告）号：US20160278687A1

公开（公告）日：2016-09-29

申请号：US14931869

申请日：2015-11-04

申请人：Qian Xia





110、Wireless input system based on steady-state visual-evoked potentials

标题（翻译）：基于稳态视觉诱发电位的无线输入系统

摘要：A wireless BCI input system for mobile intelligent devices is described. The system may include an SSVEP keyboard for stimulating SSVEP signals and an EEG headband for acquiring EEG signals. The SSVEP keyboard may include sixteen virtual buttons and a mask that can be replaced to change functions of the virtual buttons. The EEG headband may include an EEG acquisition module,  an EEG analysis module,  and a Bluetooth communication module,  which are used for acquiring EEG signals,  determining the user' s input intentions,  and sending characters or controlling commands to a matched mobile intelligent device via Bluetooth connection.

摘要（翻译）：描述了一种用于移动智能设备的无线BCI输入系统。 该系统可以包括用于刺激SSVEP信号的SSVEP键盘和用于获取EEG信号的EEG头带。 SSVEP键盘可包括16个虚拟按钮和可被替换以改变虚拟按钮的功能的掩码。 所述EEG头带可包括EEG采集模块、EEG分析模块和蓝牙通信模块，用于采集EEG信号，确定用户的输入意图，并通过蓝牙连接向匹配的移动智能设备发送字符或控制命令。

公开（公告）号：US9927872B2

公开（公告）日：2018-03-27

申请号：US15301043

申请日：2015-10-27

申请人：Beijing University of Technology

当前法律状态：暂缺





111、CLASSIFYING EEG SIGNALS IN RESPONSE TO VISUAL STIMULUS

标题（翻译）：响应于视觉刺激EEG信号的分类

摘要：Systems and method for conduction of single trial classification of EEG signals of a human subject generated responsive to a series of images containing target images and non target images the method comprising :  obtaining said EEG signals in a spatio temporal representation comprising time points and respective spatial distribution of said EEG signals;  classifying said time points independently using a linear discriminant classifier to compute spatio temporal discriminating weights;  using said spatio temporal discriminating weights to amplify said spatio temporal representation by said spatio temporal discriminating weights at tempo spatial points respectively to create a spatially weighted representation;  using Principal Component Analysis (PCA) on a temporal domain for dimensionality reduction separately for each spatial channel of said EEG signals to create a PCA projection;  applying said PCA projection to said spatially weighted representation onto a first plurality of principal components to create a temporally approximated spatially weighted representation containing for each spatial channel PCA coefficients for said plurality of principal temporal projections;  and classifying said temporally approximated spatially weighted representation over said number of channels using said linear discriminant classifier to yield a binary decisions series indicative of each image of the images series as either belonging to said target image or to said non target image.

摘要（翻译）：单次试验的传导的系统和方法产生的人体受试者脑电信号分类响应的含目标图像和非目标图像的一系列图像的方法包括 : 中获取所述EEG信号的时空表示包括所述EEG信号的时间点，并相应空间分布；单独使用线性判别分类器分类所述时间点计算时空判别权重；使用该时空判别权重用于增强所述时空表示由所述节奏的时空判别权重空间点分别以产生空间加权的表示；应用主成分分析PCA进行降维时域上分别对每个所述EEG空间信道PCA信号以产生投影；将所述PCA投影到所述空间加权的多个主组件以创建表示在第一时间近似的空间PCA包含用于每个空间信道系数加权表示所述多个主凸起的时间；所述在时间上接近空间加权的分级表示在所述利用所述的线性判别分类器得到的信道的数目一种二元判决的串联串表示的图像的每个图像为属于所述目标图像所述非目标图像。

公开（公告）号：IN2988MUMNP2015A

公开（公告）日：2016-06-03

申请号：IN2988MUMNP2015

申请日：2015-10-15

申请人：YISSUM RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT COMPANY OFTHE HEBREW UNIVERSITY OF JERUSALEM LTD; B G NEGEV TECHNOLOGIES APPLICATIONS LTD AT BEN GURION UNIVERSITY





112、STORING,  INDEXING AND RECALLING DATA BASED ON BRAIN ACTIVITY

标题（翻译）：基于脑活动的数据存储、索引和检索

摘要：In a method for storing and recalling stored data,  data to be stored is received and a first brain activity information from a user is received. The first brain activity is hashed to generate a first brain activity information hash value. The data is stored within a database and indexed. The indexing is done according to the first brain activity information hash value. The stored data is recalled when a request to recall the stored data is received along with a second brain activity information from a user. The received second brain activity is hashed to generate a second brain activity information hash value. The second brain activity information hash value is used to identify a location of the stored data,  within the database,  based on the indexing,  by matching the second brain activity information hash value to the first brain activity information hash value. The stored data is then retrieved based on the identified location.

摘要（翻译）：在一种用于存储和回忆存储的数据的方法中，接收要存储的数据，并接收来自用户的第一脑活动信息。 第一脑活动被散列以生成第一脑活动信息散列值。 数据存储在数据库中并建立索引。 根据第一大脑活动信息散列值进行索引。 当从用户接收到召回存储的数据的请求以及第二大脑活动信息时，召回存储的数据。 对所接收的第二脑活动进行散列以生成第二脑活动信息散列值。 所述第二脑活动信息散列值用于通过将所述第二脑活动信息散列值与所述第一脑活动信息散列值匹配，基于所述索引来识别所述数据库内所存储数据的位置。 然后基于所识别的位置检索所存储的数据。

公开（公告）号：US20170085547A1

公开（公告）日：2017-03-23

申请号：US14861729

申请日：2015-09-22

申请人：INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION

当前法律状态：暂缺





113、ELECTROPHYSIOLOGY MEASUREMENT AND TRAINING AND REMOTE DATABASED AND DATA ANALYSIS MEASUREMENT METHOD AND SYSTEM

标题（翻译）：一种电生理测量训练和远程数据库及数据分析测量方法和系统

摘要：A method and system provides for electrophysiological data analysis in a networked processing environment. The method and system includes receiving,  via a networked connection,  electrophysiological data of a patient and electronically performing,  via at least one network processing device,  a data analysis on the electrophysiological data. The method and system includes generating at least one report based on the data analysis,  wherein the at least one report includes determination of one or more intervention options for the patient and therein transmitting the report to a recipient device across the network connection for utilization with the patient. The results of the report direct the user to apply from within the same system non-invasive brain stimulation,  neurofeedback,  and biofeedback modalities. Re-assessment can occur from within the same system following the training or modulation of electrophysiology and thereby generate a comparison report showing functional changes from the provided intervention or combined interventions.

摘要（翻译）：一种在网络化处理环境中提供电生理数据分析的方法和系统。 所述方法和系统包括经由网络连接接收患者的电生理数据，并且经由至少一个网络处理设备对所述电生理数据进行电子地执行数据分析。 所述方法和系统包括基于所述数据分析生成至少一个报告，其中所述至少一个报告包括确定用于所述患者的一个或多个干预选项，并在其中通过所述网络连接将所述报告发送到接收设备以用于与所述患者一起使用。 报告的结果指示用户从同一系统内应用非侵入性脑刺激、神经反馈和生物反馈模式。 在电生理学的训练或调制之后，可以从同一系统内进行重新评估，从而生成比较报告，显示所提供的干预或组合干预的功能变化。

公开（公告）号：US20160000354A1

公开（公告）日：2016-01-07

申请号：US14856209

申请日：2015-09-16

申请人：Evoke Neuroscience Inc





114、SIGNAL PROCESSING METHOD AND APPARATUS BASED ON STRUCTURED SPARSITY OF PHONOLOGICAL FEATURES

标题（翻译）：一种基于语音特征结构稀疏性的信号处理方法及装置

摘要：A multimodal processing method comprising the steps of :  A) Retrieving a data set representing distinctive phonological features; B) Identifying structured sparse patterns in said data set; C) Processing said structured sparse patterns.

摘要（翻译）：一种多模态处理方法，包括以下步骤 : a)检索表示独特语音特征的数据集；b)识别所述数据集中的结构化稀疏模式；c)处理所述结构化稀疏模式。

公开（公告）号：US20170069306A1

公开（公告）日：2017-03-09

申请号：US14846036

申请日：2015-09-04

申请人：Foundation of the Idiap Research Institute (IDIAP)

当前法律状态：暂缺





115、用于基于脑活动信号的治疗和/或用户设备的控制的方法和系统

标题（翻译）：Method and system for brain activity signal-based treatment and/or control of user devices

摘要：一种用于表征脑电信号的方法，包括形成信号的时间‑频谱分解以形成多个时间分辨的频率信号值，将信号值的每个实例与接近神经系统信号的预定函数相关联，从而形成共同代表脑电信号的系数表。

摘要（翻译）：A method for characterizing a brain electrical signal comprising forming a time-spectral decomposition of the signal to form a plurality of time resolved frequency signal values,  associating each instance of the signal value with a predetermined function approximating a neurological signal to form a table of coefficients collectively representative of the brain electrical signal.

公开（公告）号：CN107072583A

公开（公告）日：2017-08-18

申请号：CN201580059644.0

申请日：2015-09-02

申请人：大学健康网络

当前法律状态：实质审查





116、The treatment and/or user control of brain activity is based on the method and system

标题（翻译）：治疗和/或基于用户的脑活动的控制方法及系统

摘要：A method for characterizing a brain electrical signal comprising forming a temporo-spectral decomposition of the signal to form a plurality of time resolved frequency signal values,  associating each instance of the signal value with a predetermined function approximating a neurological signal to form a table of coefficients collectively representative of the brain electrical signal.

摘要（翻译）：所述的脑电信号表征方法，该头部侧面形成的信号频谱分解，频率信号以形成多个时间分辨值，信号值与对于每一种情况中，接近所述预定功能相关联的神经信号，所述电子信号表示的系数表，以构成一脑，包括，的方法。

公开（公告）号：JP2017532093A

公开（公告）日：2017-11-02

申请号：JP2017512372

申请日：2015-09-02

申请人：ユニバーシティー  ヘルス  ネットワーク

当前法律状态：审中





117、METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR BRAIN ACTIVITY SIGNAL-BASED TREATMENT AND/OR CONTROL OF USER DEVICES

标题（翻译）：脑活动的方法和系统基于信号的处理和/或控制用户设备

摘要：A method for characterizing a brain electrical signal comprising forming a temporo-spectral decomposition of the signal to form a plurality of time resolved frequency signal values,  associating each instance of the signal value with a predetermined function approximating a neurological signal to form a table of coefficients collectively representative of the brain electrical signal.

摘要（翻译）：用于表征一种脑电信号的方法包括形成颞信号的谱分解以形成 多个时间分辨频率信号值， 将每个实例的信号值与预定函数近似的神经信号以形成台 系数共同表示的脑电信号。

公开（公告）号：WO2016033686A1

公开（公告）日：2016-03-10

申请号：WOCA15050839

申请日：2015-09-02

申请人：UNIVERSITY HEALTH NETWORK

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





118、BASE-CATALYZED SILYLATION OF TERMINIAL ALKYNE C-H BONDS

标题（翻译）：碱催化C-H键的terminial的甲硅烷化炔

摘要：The present invention is directed to a mild,  efficient,  and general direct C(sp)-H bond silylation. Various embodiments includes methods,  each method comprising or consisting essentially of contacting at least one organic substrate comprising a terminal alkynyl C-H bond,  with a mixture of at least one organosilane and an alkali metal hydroxide,  under conditions sufficient to form a silylated terminal alkynyl moiety. The methods are operable in the substantially absence of transition-metal compounds. The systems associated with these methods are also disclosed.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种温和，高效，和一般的直C(Sp)C-H键的硅烷化。 各种实施例包括方法， 各方法包括或基本上由接触至少一个有机基板，包括端炔基的C-H键， 与至少一种有机硅烷的混合物和碱金属氢氧化物， 在充分的条件下形成甲硅烷基化的端炔基部分。 所述方法可操作用于在基本上不存在过渡金属化合物。 所述本发明还公开了与这些方法相关联的系统。

公开（公告）号：WO2016036685A1

公开（公告）日：2016-03-10

申请号：WOUS15047859

申请日：2015-09-01

申请人：CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





119、METHOD FOR RECOGNIZING USER INTENTION

标题（翻译）：用户的意图识别方法

摘要：The present invention relates to a method for recognizing a user intention. More specifically,  the present invention relates to a method for recognizing a user intention for recognizing a user intention through measuring and analyzing a brain wave. To this end,  the present invention provides the method for recognizing a user intention which comprises :  a brain wave measurement step of measuring a brain wave;  a pre-process step of filtering a brain wave signal measured through the brain wave measurement step;  a feature extraction step of extracting a feature from the filtered brain wave signal;  and a user intention recognition step of recognizing a user intention from the feature extracted through the feature extraction step.COPYRIGHT KIPO 2017

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及用户意图识别方法，涉及通过用户的脑波上设置搜索值公开了用于识别用户意图识别方法。为此，本发明是指，在可视脑电波测量步骤；所述电脑电图测量步骤通过前置相位的信号进行滤波；过滤所述脑波特征提取，特征提取步骤，特征提取，从提取的特征通过用户包括多个预期的使用者的识别方法识别步骤预期的使用者的意图识别的公务下基板。

公开（公告）号：KR1020170014704A

公开（公告）日：2017-02-08

申请号：KR1020150108493

申请日：2015-07-31

申请人：INDUSTRY FOUNDATION OF CHONNAM NATIONAL UNIVERSITY; SHIN HAN SYSTEMS CO LTD

当前法律状态：审中





120、MODIFICATION OF CARBON PARTICLES

标题（翻译）：改性碳粒子

摘要：The present invention relates to a process for modifying carbon particles,  such as graphites,  graphene nanoplatelets,  carbon black and other carbons,  and to modified carbon particles obtainable by such a process. The process for modifying carbon particles is performed within an apparatus which comprises a sample holder located below a reactive zone and comprises the following steps :  a) provision of carbon particles on the sample holder of apparatus,  b) fluidizing the carbon particles in apparatus with a gaseous stream into the reactive zone,  c) keeping the carbon particles with the gaseous stream in the reactive zone for at least 1 sec and feeding energy of at least 2.4 kj into the reactive zone,  and d) modification of the carbon particles in the reactive zone to obtain modified carbon particles. It is preferred that the carbon particles are modified by a fluidized bed plasma process.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种碳颗粒的改性方法，如石墨，石墨烯微片，炭黑等碳，和通过这种方法获得的改性的碳颗粒。所述内进行碳颗粒的改性方法的装置，包括样品架位于反应性区域，包括以下步骤 : a)提供碳颗粒在样本保持器的装置，b)中的碳颗粒流化装置与气态料流引入该反应区，c)保持碳颗粒与反应区的气态流中至少1秒，送料至少2.4焦耳的能量到反应区，和d)改性的碳颗粒在反应区内接触，以获得改性的碳颗粒。优选的是 : 碳颗粒修饰的流化床等离子过程。

公开（公告）号：WO2016012367A1

公开（公告）日：2016-01-28

申请号：WOEP15066411

申请日：2015-07-17

申请人：BASF SE; MAX PLANCK GESELLSCHAFT ZUR FÖRDERUNG DER WISSENSCHAFTEN E V

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





121、Access Control Through Multifactor Authentication with Multimodal Biometrics

标题（翻译）：基于多模式生物特征的多因素认证访问控制

摘要：A system is provided in which a person may use a Cellular (Mobile) Telephone,  a PDA or any other handheld computer to make a purchase. This is an example only. The process may entail any type of transaction which requires authentication,  such as any financial transaction,  any access control (to account information,  etc.),  and any physical access scenario such as doubling for a passport or an access key to a restricted area (office,  vault,  etc.). It may also be used to conduct remote transactions such as those conducted on the Internet (E-Commerce,  account access,  etc.). In the process,  a multifactor authentication is used.

摘要（翻译）：提供了一种系统，其中人可以使用蜂窝(移动)电话、PDA或任何其它手持计算机来进行购买。 这只是一个例子。 该过程可能涉及需要认证的任何类型的交易，例如任何金融交易、任何访问控制(对账户信息等)，以及任何物理访问场景，例如双重护照或对受限区域(办公室、金库等)的访问密钥。 它还可用于进行远程交易，如在互联网上进行的交易(电子商务、账户访问等)。 在此过程中，使用了多因素身份验证。

公开（公告）号：US20150347734A1

公开（公告）日：2015-12-03

申请号：US14747211

申请日：2015-06-23

申请人：Homayoon Beigi





122、DETECTION OF HUMAN-MACHINE INTERACTION ERRORS

标题（翻译）：检测人-机交互错误

摘要：Disclosed are a system and method of detection of an interaction-error. The interaction-error is derived from an incorrect decision and is directed to interacting with a machine. During human-machine interaction,  command related data values are obtained. Command related data values characterize any one of an interacting- command and an interacting-action. The command related data values are compared with command related reference data values,  and an interaction-error is identified if a difference between the command related data values and the command related reference data values complies with a predefined criterion.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了一种系统和方法的相互作用的检测误差。所述互动误差衍生自不正确的决策，涉及交互与机。在人-机交互，指令得到相关数据值。命令相关的数据值表征的任何一个的交互指令和交互作用。相关命令数据值与命令相关的参考数据值进行比较，和交互-之间的差值，如果误差被识别的命令相关数据值和相关的命令参考数据值符合一预定的标准。

公开（公告）号：WO2015198309A1

公开（公告）日：2015-12-30

申请号：WOIL15050633

申请日：2015-06-22

申请人：HOCHMAN Eldad Izhak

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





123、SECURITY SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR PRIVATE INFORMATION

标题（翻译）：安全私密信息的系统和方法

摘要：The present invention refers to personal information security system and method relates to,  without leaving any personal information to user server is provided,  for protecting personal information security system and method relates to the personal information on the user,  the present invention refers to transaction device,  business WAS,  replacement height management server,  the method protecting personal information in business DB the [e[e] terminal it will raise server and number comprising,  (A) which matches the key generation number under public affairs height management server to request business WAS is replaced with replacement;  (B) reading said replacement key setting requirements and replacement height management server;  transforming the alternate key (C) generating said replacement personal height management server;  (D) said replacement height management server storing additional information through a circuit generating alternative key business DB server;  and (E) the number key to said replacement height management server business WAS under public affairs replacement performed live optical fiber preform comprises a method protecting personal information.  In the present invention alternative key setting requirements and issuing personal information converter according to different user business,  business processing and roller transfers the personal information of the user can be equal to or less than.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及个人信息安全的系统和方法涉及，不留下任何个人提供信息给用户服务器，用于保护个人信息安全的系统和方法涉及用户的个人信息，本发明涉及交易装置业务而成，更换高度管理服务器，所述的商户DB中保护个人信息的方法[E[e]将提高服务器和终端，包括，(a)公务高度相匹配的密钥生成条件下，管理服务器请求业务被取代置换；b)读取该替换密钥设定要求，更换高度管理服务器；(c)将该替补按键产生所述更换个人的身高管理服务器；(d)所述更换高度管理服务器通过电路中形成交替存放附加信息DB关键业务服务器；和(e)的数字键向所述公务更换高度下的业务管理服务器进行更换的活光光纤预制件包括一个保护个人信息的方法。在本发明的备选键设定要求，发布个人信息，根据不同用户的业务，业务处理的辊将所述用户个人信息可等于或小于。

公开（公告）号：KR101764290B1

公开（公告）日：2017-08-02

申请号：KR1020150078793

申请日：2015-06-03

申请人：주식회사 제이엠제이에스

当前法律状态：有效





124、PROCESS FOR SYNTHESIS OF INDENES

标题（翻译）：茚的合成方法

摘要：The present invention relates to a new process for the synthesis of 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7-substiuted indenes,  which are useful precursors for the formation of certain ansa-metailocene catalysts.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种新工艺合成2，3，4，5，6，7-取代的茚类，其有用的前体被用于形成某些柄型metailocene催化剂。

公开（公告）号：WO2015189073A1

公开（公告）日：2015-12-17

申请号：WOEP15062284

申请日：2015-06-02

申请人：SCG CHEMICALS CO LTD

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





125、APPARATUS AND METHOD FOR BRAIN-BRAIN INTERFACE USING BRAINWAVE MAGNETIC RESONANCE AND TRANSCRANIAL LASER

标题（翻译）：用于脑脑接口的装置和方法使用脑波磁共振和经颅激光

摘要：Brain-brain interface processing in,  number 1 (Brainwave Magnetic Resonance) techniques to magnetic resonance brain of the subject generated in one zone of the brain for measuring magnetic resonance signal control unit controls,  a magnetic resonance measured brain signal is generated corresponding to an position of 3 dimensional positional information,  such that frequency information of magnetic resonance signal,  and magnetic resonance signal having connectivity,  including brain position link information for that node including original and generates data,  according to flow of time,  which is a collection of original data and produce an array data,  brain a pre-assigned data arrangement information and-determining intended positions based on magnetic resonance signal according to information intended to determine connectivity-determining intended and,  having connectivity-determining is magnetic resonance signal when it is determined to detected brain function preset according information intended for detecting and,  detected brain function is matched to the brain of object number 2 is set up,  the key and laser irradiation position and,  a duration laser irradiation set number 2 position of the brain of the subject a focused laser to reflect off 1 and provides an output to unit within imprint.  Through same,  laser as the corresponding neural recognition and area cranial nerve invasive functionality high spatial resolution high controls the movably mounted on a top side of.

摘要（翻译）：脑-脑中处理， 1号(脑波磁共振)技术来产生所述对象的磁共振脑在一个脑区 用于测量磁共振信号控制单元控制， 磁共振测量脑信号产生相对应的3的位置的三维位置信息， 使得磁共振信号的频率信息， 和磁共振信号具有连通性的， 包括脑位置对该节点的链路信息包括原件并生成数据， 根据流量的时间， 是一种集的原始数据，并产生点阵数据， 脑预分配的数据排列信息以及确定预定位置的基于磁共振信号，根据想要的信息 确定连通性确定预期的和， 具有连通性的确定磁共振信号时，确定检测得到的脑功能预设的信息用于 检测和， 检测得到的脑功能对象个数匹配到脑2设置， 钥匙和激光的照射位置和， 持续时间激光照射设定数量的2的位置，所述受试者的脑聚焦的激光以反射离开 1，提供了一种输出到单元内的压印。 通过相同， 激光器作为脑神经对应的神经识别和区域侵入性官能度的高空间分辨率高可移动地安装控制 在顶侧。

公开（公告）号：KR101617005B1

公开（公告）日：2016-04-25

申请号：KR1020150077387

申请日：2015-06-01

申请人：KOREA UNIVERSITY RESEARCH AND BUSINESS FOUNDATION





126、THERAPY FOR SOLID TUMORS

标题（翻译）：实体瘤的治疗

摘要：A pharmaceutically acceptable composition and method for solid tumor therapy in a patient in need of such therapy. The composition contains,  as the only active agents,  the combination of (a) an inhibitor of c-Fos,  and (b) an inhibitor of Dusp-1,  and optionally (c) an inhibitor of a tyrosine kinase. The composition is administered to the patient in a dosing regimen for a period sufficient to provide therapy for solid tumors.

摘要（翻译）：一种药学上可接受的组合物和方法，用于在需要这种治疗的患者中进行实体肿瘤治疗。 该组合物包含作为唯一活性剂的(a)c-fos抑制剂和(b)DUSP-1抑制剂的组合，以及任选的(c)酪氨酸激酶抑制剂。 该组合物以给药方案给患者施用一段足以提供实体肿瘤治疗的时间。

公开（公告）号：US20170079979A1

公开（公告）日：2017-03-23

申请号：US15312329

申请日：2015-05-29

申请人：Children' s Hospital Medical Center

当前法律状态：暂缺





127、THERAPY FOR SOLID TUMORS

标题（翻译）：治疗实体瘤

摘要：A pharmaceutically acceptable composition and method for solid tumor therapy in a patient in need of such therapy. The composition contains,  as the only active agents,  the combination of (a) an inhibitor of c-Fos,  and (b) an inhibitor of Dusp-1,  and optionally (c) an inhibitor of a tyrosine kinase. The composition is administered to the patient in a dosing regimen for a period sufficient to provide therapy for solid tumors.

摘要（翻译）：药学上可接受的组合物和方法用于实体瘤治疗需要这种治疗的患者中。该组合物含有，作为唯一的活性剂，所述组合 : (a)c-fos的抑制剂，和(b)dusp-1的抑制剂，和任选的(c)酪氨酸激酶的抑制剂。该组合物施用给病人在一段足以提供的给药方案治疗的固体肿瘤。

公开（公告）号：WO2015187496A1

公开（公告）日：2015-12-10

申请号：WOUS15033269

申请日：2015-05-29

申请人：CHILDREN' S HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





128、Multiple-choice answer selection directly specify the state change of the blurring in computer interface

标题（翻译）：多个多选答案中的模糊的状态变化直接选择指定的计算机接口

摘要：Methods,  systems,  apparatus,  and non-transitory computer readable media are disclosed utilizing brain-computer interfaces (BCIs). Various embodiments are disclosed to allow a user to directly select multiple-choice answers,  to provide motorized wheelchair controls,  and to allow a user to play a game via the BCI. When used in a cognitive assessment test,  embodiments include the administration of unmodified standardized tests with results in the same or a similar format as those taken without a BCI. Various embodiments are disclosed to improve the accuracy of BCI test administration using a three-step process for each test question,  which includes determining whether the user intends to select an answer,  monitoring user brain activity to determine a selected answer,  and verifying the selected answer. In addition,  the selected answer may be verified by monitoring user brain activity in accordance with a hold-release process to determine whether a user intends to initiate a state change.

摘要（翻译）：使用机接口(BCI)中的模糊的方法，系统，装置，和非暂时性计算机可读介质上。在各种实施例中，多个多选答案可以由用户直接选择，控制电动轮椅，所述BCI，使得使用者在游戏时被公开。使用时将认知评估测试，实施例中，相同或类似的格式被执行而不实施例中所述BCI未经校准的标准测试结果。在各种实施例中，每个试题，由用户选择的答案，以确定是否预期的，被选择的应答，以确定用户的脑活动的监测，和选择答案的验证，包括，所述的两步法，用于本发明公开了一种提高BCI的测试精度3。此外，所述选择答案，用户可以确定所述起始状态是否发生变化时，本发明的方法通过监测用户的脑活动放松持握-验证图[图1]

公开（公告）号：JP2017524394A

公开（公告）日：2017-08-31

申请号：JP2016569789

申请日：2015-05-22

申请人：ザ リージェンツ オブ ザ ユニバーシティー オブ ミシガン

当前法律状态：审中





129、一种脑电β波信号感应蓝牙耳机

标题（翻译）：Brain beta-wave signal sensing Bluetooth headset

摘要：本发明公开了一种脑电β波信号感应蓝牙耳机，耳机本体包括依次连接的分布在大脑额区的脑电波感应器、滤波放大单元、模数转换器和脑电波采集处理芯片，滤波放大单元包括依次连接的高阻抗差分输入的第一放大器、陷波器、低通滤波器、带通滤波器和第二放大器，耳机本体为蓝牙耳机，头戴式耳机本体包括依次固定连接的左耳挂、头戴式挂置件和右耳挂，脑电波感应器通过连接杆与头戴式挂置件固定连接。脑电波采集处理芯片通过蓝牙与目标终端匹配连接，进行相互通信。本发明实现通过蓝牙耳机检测脑电波信号，来与目标终端进行相互交互通信，通过滤波放大单元对脑电波进行滤波放大处理，使得脑电波信号采集处理更为准确。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses a brain beta-wave signal sensing Bluetooth headset. A headset main body comprises a brain wave sensor,  a filter and amplification unit,  an analog-to-digital converter and a brain wave collecting and processing chip,  which are connected in turn and distributed at the forehead region of the brain;  the filter and amplification unit comprises a first amplifier of high impedance differential input,  a wave trap,  a low pass filter,  a band-pass filter and a second amplifier,  which are connected in turn. The handset main body is a Bluetooth headset. The handset main body comprises a left ear hook,  a head-wearing hanging piece and a right ear hook,  which are fixedly connected,  and the brain signal sensor is fixedly connected with the head-wearing hanging piece via a connecting rod. The brain wave collecting and processing chip is matched and connected with a target terminal via a Bluetooth connection to perform intercommunication. The brain beta-wave signal sensing Bluetooth headset of the invention detects a brain wave signal via the blue-tooth headset so as to perform mutual interactive communication with the target terminal,  and performs filter and amplification processing to the brain wave via the filter and amplification unit so as to enable the collection and processing of the brain signal to be more accurate.

公开（公告）号：CN104902369A

公开（公告）日：2015-09-09

申请号：CN201510261974.X

申请日：2015-05-21

申请人：成都腾悦科技有限公司

当前法律状态：实质审查





130、APPARATUS FOR TREATING A PATIENT

标题（翻译）：用于治疗病人装置

摘要：At least one embodiment of the disclosure is directed to a method for processing brainwave signals for treating a patient having neurological disorder or mental disorder or a combination of neurological and mental disorder. The method comprises :  measuring a brainwave signal from the patient,  the measured brainwave signal containing noise;  denoising the brainwave signal to obtain a clean brainwave signal;  matching the clean brainwave signal to a database of brainwave signals for neurological or mental conditions or a combination of neurological and mental conditions to identify the patient' s neurological or mental status or a combination of neurological and mental conditions;  and applying a therapeutic treatment to the patient based on the identified neurological or mental status or a combination of neurological and mental conditions.

摘要（翻译）：本公开的至少一个实施例涉及一种用于处理脑波信号的方法，所述脑波信号用于治疗具有神经学障碍或精神障碍或神经学和精神障碍的组合的患者。 该方法包括 : 测量来自患者的脑电波信号，所测量的脑电波信号包含噪声； 对所述脑波信号进行去噪以获得干净的脑波信号； 将所述清洁脑波信号与脑波信号数据库进行匹配，以用于神经或精神状况或神经和精神状况的组合，以识别所述患者的神经或精神状况或神经和精神状况的组合； 以及基于所识别的神经学或精神状态或神经学和精神状态的组合对患者应用治疗性治疗。

公开（公告）号：US20150257700A1

公开（公告）日：2015-09-17

申请号：US14715498

申请日：2015-05-18

申请人：Chi Yung Fu





131、一种脑电混沌特性分析的方法及系统

标题（翻译）：Electroencephalogram chaos characteristic analysis method and system

摘要：本发明提供了一种脑电混沌特性的分析方法，包括：对脑电信号进行滤波，并将滤波后的脑电信号分解为若干个子频段信号；提取各子频段信号的极值点和所述极值点对应的时间点，并根据所述极值点和所述时间点，生成单调振幅序列及单调周期序列；将所述单调振幅序列和单调周期序列组成向量序列，并对所述向量序列进行伪迹去除；从单调振幅和单调周期的两个维度将所述向量序列分为若干个子区间，获得每个向量分布在每个子区间的概率，并根据所述概率，获得所述脑电信号的振动熵；根据所述脑电信号的振动熵，分析所述脑电信号的混沌程度。本发明能够有效地反映脑电信号波形振动特征的分布特性。

摘要（翻译）：The invention relates to an electroencephalogram chaos characteristic analysis method. The method includes the following steps that :  electroencephalogram signals are filtered,  and the filtered electroencephalogram signals are decomposed into a plurality of sub-band signals;  extreme values points and time points corresponding to the extreme values points of the sub-band signals are extracted,  and a monotonic amplitude sequence and a monotonic period sequence are generated according to the extreme values points and the time points;  the monotonic amplitude sequence and the monotonic period sequence constitute a vector sequence,  and artifact removal is performed on the vector sequence;  the vector sequence is divided into a plurality of subintervals in the dimensionalities of monotonic amplitude and monotonic period,  so that the probability of each vector distributing in each subinterval can be obtained,  and the vibrational entropy of the electroencephalogram signals can be obtained according to the probability;  and the chaos degree of the electroencephalogram signals is analyzed according to the vibrational entropy of the electroencephalogram signals. The electroencephalogram chaos characteristic analysis method of the invention can effectively reflect the distribution characteristics of the waveform vibration characteristics of the electroencephalogram signals.

公开（公告）号：CN104850833A

公开（公告）日：2015-08-19

申请号：CN201510230759.3

申请日：2015-05-07

申请人：北京工业大学

当前法律状态：授权





132、METHODS AND SYSTEMS RELATING TO PERSONALIZED EVOLVING AVATARS

标题（翻译）：涉及个性化发展的化身的方法和系统

摘要：Graphical user interfaces can exploit avatars to provide represent the user or their alter ego or character. It would be beneficial to provide users with an avatar not defined by the software provide but one that represents their quantified self so that their virtual world avatar evolved,  adjusted,  and behaved based upon the real world individual. It would also be beneficial that such a dynamically adaptive avatar provides the individual with an evolving and adjusting graphical interface to access personal information,  establish adjustments in lifestyle,  and monitor their health etc. within the real world but also define the characteristics,  behaviour,  skills,  etc. that they possess within virtual worlds. Accordingly,  such an avatar established in dependence upon the user' s specific characteristics can then be exploited to provide data for a wide range of additional aspects of the user' s life from filtering content through to controlling devices within their environment.

摘要（翻译）：可以利用化身的图形用户接口提供代表用户或其改变EGO或文字。它将是有益的，以提供使用者与虚拟化身未定义由软件提供一个表示其定量自使得它们的虚拟世界的化身演进，调整，并且表现为基于真实世界的个体。它也将是有益的是，这种动态自适应化身提供个体发展和调整图形接口访问个人的信息，建立生活方式调整，和监控他们的健康等在真实世界而且可确定特点，行为，技能等，它们具有在虚拟世界内。因此，这种化身根据所建立的用户的特定特性然后可以用来提供数据用于宽范围的附加的方面用户的生命从过滤内容通过控制它们的环境内的设备。

公开（公告）号：WO2015164951A1

公开（公告）日：2015-11-05

申请号：WOCA15000284

申请日：2015-05-01

申请人：ABBAS Mohamad

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





133、METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR PROVIDING STATE IDENTIFICATION

标题（翻译）：一种提供状态标识的方法和装置

摘要：A computer implemented method and apparatus for providing state identification. The method comprises (a) displaying a first state identifier,  wherein the state identifier comprises a first state element and a first plurality of navigation cues associated with the first state element;  (b) receiving an input to move toward one of the first plurality of navigation cues;  (c) storing the first state element in a navigation path in response to the received input to move;  (d) displaying a second state element and a second plurality of navigation cues associated with the second state element;  (e) optionally repeating the process of (b)-(d) for additional state elements to arrive at a final state element,  which may be the second state element;  (f) receiving a selection of the final state element;  and (g) storing the selected final state element and updating the navigation path based on the received selection.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于提供状态识别的计算机实现的方法和装置。 所述方法包括(a)显示第一状态标识符，其中所述状态标识符包括第一状态元素和与所述第一状态元素相关联的第一多个导航提示； (b)接收输入以朝向所述第一多个导航提示中的一个移动； (c)响应于接收到的移动输入，将第一状态元素存储在导航路径中； (d)显示第二状态元素和与第二状态元素相关联的第二多个导航提示； (e)任选地重复(b)-(d)的过程，以使额外的状态元素达到最终状态元素，该最终状态元素可以是第二状态元素； (f)收到选定的最后状态要素； 以及(g)存储所选择的最终状态元素并基于所接收的选择更新导航路径。

公开（公告）号：US20150301733A1

公开（公告）日：2015-10-22

申请号：US14691137

申请日：2015-04-20

申请人：William Carl Acevedo





134、METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR PROVIDING STATE IDENTIFICATION

标题（翻译）：用于提供状态识别的方法和装置

摘要：A computer implemented method and apparatus for providing state identification. The method comprises (a) displaying a first state identifier,  wherein the state identifier comprises a first state element and a first plurality of navigation cues associated with the first state element;  (b) receiving an input to move toward one of the first plurality of navigation cues;  (c) storing the first state element in a navigation path in response to the received input to move;  (d) displaying a second state element and a second plurality of navigation cues associated with the second state element;  (e) optionally repeating the process of (b) - (d) for additional state elements to arrive at a final state element,  which may be the second state element;  (f) receiving a selection of the final state element;  and (g) storing the selected final state element and updating the navigation path based on the received selection.

摘要（翻译）：一种计算机实现的方法和装置，用于提供状态识别。该方法包括(a)显示一第一状态标识符；所述状态标识器包括第一状态元件和第一相关联的多个导航提示的与第一状态元件；(b)接收输入运动向一个第一的多个导航提示，(c)存储第一状态元件的导航路径中响应于所接收的输入移动；(d)显示第二状态元件和第二多个导航提示的第二状态相关联的元素；(e)任选地重复(b)-(d)附加的过程状态元素以到达最终状态元件，可以第二状态的元件；(f)接收选择最终状态的元件；和(g)存储选定的最终状态元素和更新导航路径基于所接收的选择。

公开（公告）号：WO2015164260A1

公开（公告）日：2015-10-29

申请号：WOUS15026664

申请日：2015-04-20

申请人：ACEVEDO William Carl

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





135、一种虚拟社交系统及其控制方法

标题（翻译）：Virtual social contact system and control method thereof

摘要：本发明公开了一种虚拟社交系统及其控制方法，该虚拟社交系统至少包括传感交互设备、第一数据处理装置、第二数据处理装置以及服务器；传感交互设备包括：传感器组件、信号处理装置及本体；第一数据处理装置包括处理模块以及第一通信模块；第二数据处理装置包括应用系统以及第二通信模块；服务器包括：接收模块以及分析单元。实施本发明的有益效果是，通过服务器分析出于虚拟社交场所的用户的心情变化，实时不加掩饰的将人的心理变化在虚拟社交中反映出来，增强用户虚拟交往中心理变化的真实性。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses a virtual social contact system and a control method thereof. The virtual social contact system at least comprises a sensing interactive device,  a first data processing device,  a second data processing device and a server. The sensing interactive device comprises a sensor assembly,  a signal processing device and a body. The first data processing device comprises a processing module and a first communication module. The second data processing device comprises an application system and a second communication module. The server comprises a receiving module and an analysis unit. The virtual social contact system and the control method thereof have the advantages that the mood changes of users of a virtual social contact sites are analyzed through the server,  the psychological changes of people are reflected in virtual social contact in real time in a unvarnished mode,  and the authenticity of the psychological changes of the users in virtual social contact is improved.

公开（公告）号：CN104793743A

公开（公告）日：2015-07-22

申请号：CN201510168600.3

申请日：2015-04-10

申请人：深圳市虚拟现实科技有限公司

当前法律状态：授权





136、腰部可穿戴功能辅助机械臂

标题（翻译）：Waist-wearable functional auxiliary mechanical arm

摘要：本发明提供了一种腰部可穿戴功能辅助机械臂，其中：所述七自由度绳驱双臂固定在腰部穿戴机构上；所述被动式下肢外骨骼助力机构连接于腰部穿戴机构；所述控制驱动单元、计算机以及电源模块分别固定于腰部穿戴机构的背部面板上；所述计算机通过控制驱动单元与七自由度绳驱双臂控制连接；所述自主控制模块与计算机数据连接。本发明可用于人双手工作同时需要协助时的作业环境，有效减少用户的劳动强度，提高工作效率；可以帮助体弱老年人等，增强他们的负重能力，增加动作幅度和力，完成原本比较困难的负重任务，也可用于协助残疾人完成日常必须的手部任务，改善他们的自主生活能力，一定程度上增加他们对隐私的保护。

摘要（翻译）：The present invention provides a waist-wearable functional auxiliary mechanical arm,  wherein double seven-degree-of-freedom rope-driven arms are fixed on a waist wearing mechanism;  a passive lower limb external skeleton boosting mechanism is connected to the waist wearing mechanism;  a control drive unit,  a computer and a power module are fixed on a back panel of the waist wearing mechanism;  the computer is in control connection with the double seven-degree-of-freedom rope-driven arms by the control drive unit;  and an autonomous control module is in data connection with the computer. The waist-wearable functional auxiliary mechanical arm can be used in an operation environment where both hands of people need assistance when working,  the labor intensity of a user is effectively reduced,  and work efficiency is improved;  the weak and the old can be helped,  and bearing capacity,  movement range and force of the weak and the old can be enhanced,  so an original relatively-difficult bearing task is finished;  and the waist-wearable functional auxiliary mechanical arm also can be used for assisting the disabled in finishing routine necessary hand tasks,  so that the autonomous living ability of the disabled is improved and protection for the privacy of the disabled is enhanced to a certain extent.

公开（公告）号：CN104825257A

公开（公告）日：2015-08-12

申请号：CN201510130861.6

申请日：2015-03-24

申请人：华南理工大学; 中山大学

当前法律状态：授权





137、肩部可穿戴功能辅助机械臂

标题（翻译）：Shoulder-wearable functional auxiliary arm

摘要：本发明提供了一种肩部可穿戴功能辅助机械臂，包括七自由度绳驱双臂、肩部穿戴机构、绳驱电机组模块、控制驱动单元、电源模块、视觉传感器、计算机以及自主控制单元；所述绳驱电机组模块通过绳驱机械臂肩关节被动式承重机构与七自由度绳驱双臂传动连接；所述视觉传感器和自主控制单元分别与计算机数据连接。本发明解决在人双手同时工作同时需要额外协助的问题，可有效减少人的劳动强度，提高工作效率。可以帮助手臂肌肉无力的患者增加他们的基本生活自理能力。也可用于协助残疾人，使身体残留部分的功能得到最充分的发挥，达到最大可能的生活自理，劳动和工作的能力，为他们重返社会打下基础。

摘要（翻译）：The present invention provides a shoulder-wearable functional auxiliary mechanical arm,  comprising double seven-degree-of-freedom rope-driven arms,  a shoulder wearing mechanism,  a rope-driven motor unit module,  a control drive unit,  a power module,  a vision sensor,  a computer and an autonomous control unit. The rope-driven motor unit module is in transmission connection with the double seven-degree-of-freedom rope-driven arms by rope-driven mechanical arm shoulder joint passive bearing mechanisms;  and the vision sensor and the autonomous control unit are respectively in data connection with the computer. According to the present invention,  the problem that both hands of people need extra assistance during work is solved,  labor intensity of people can be reduced,  and work efficiency is improved. Patients with powerless arm muscles can be helped to add the basic living self-help ability of the patients The shoulder-wearable functional auxiliary mechanical arm can also be used for assisting the disabled,  so that functions of residual parts of a body are sufficiently played,  the possible maximal living self-help,  labor and work abilities are achieved,  and the foundation is laid for the disabled to return to the society.

公开（公告）号：CN104825258A

公开（公告）日：2015-08-12

申请号：CN201510130862.0

申请日：2015-03-24

申请人：华南理工大学; 中山大学

当前法律状态：授权





138、ORGANIZED KNOWLEDGE AND SERVICE SYSTEM (OKSS)

标题（翻译）：组织知识和服务系统(okss)

摘要：The present invention is a system for providing a user with continuous,  updated and structured knowledge relevant to the user and/or a system for facilitating a service required by the user (100,  101,  102]. More specifically,  the invention relates to a system that finds out a requirement of knowledge from a user (100,  101,  102],  collect the knowledge from right sources,  process the knowledge and present the knowledge in the most suitable form to the user (100,  101,  102]. It also includes a system to find out a requirement of a particular service from a user (100,  101,  102],  identify a person or a machine or animal having the capability to do the service and present the information regarding the person or the machine or the animal with the required capability to those who are in requirement.

摘要（翻译）：本发明是一种系统，用于提供用户与连续，更新结构化知识的相关的用户和/或系统，用于促进由用户要求的服务(100，101，102]。更具体地，本发明涉及一种系统查找来自用户的知识的要求(100，101，102]，收集从右知识源，明的知识和知识的方法在最合适的形式向用户(100，101，102]。它还包括系统找出特定服务的要求从用户(100，101，102]，识别人或机器或动物的能力进行业务和呈现有关的信息人或机器或需要的动物与那些要求的能力。

公开（公告）号：WO2015142160A1

公开（公告）日：2015-09-24

申请号：WOMY15000019

申请日：2015-03-19

申请人：WAFINA SDN BHD

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





139、REGULATING DIGITAL CONTENT TRANSMITTED OVER A NETWORK

标题（翻译）：管理通过网络传输的数字内容

摘要：The present disclosure describes embodiments of apparatuses and method for transmitting and receiving digital content over a network. In embodiments,  an apparatus may transmit digital content and a task to a user device,  receive task performance data,  process the data to determine compliance information to the task,  and regulate the digital content base at least in part on the compliance information. Other embodiments may be disclosed and/or claimed.

摘要（翻译）：本公开描述了用于通过网络发送和接收数字内容的装置和方法的实施例。 在实施例中，设备可以向用户设备发送数字内容和任务，接收任务性能数据，处理数据以确定对任务的遵从性信息，并且至少部分地基于遵从性信息来调节数字内容。 可以公开和/或要求保护其它实施例。

公开（公告）号：US20160275536A1

公开（公告）日：2016-09-22

申请号：US14660760

申请日：2015-03-17

申请人：Intel Corporation

当前法律状态：暂缺





140、REDUCTION OF SICI4 IN THE PRESENCE OF BC13

标题（翻译）：在bc13的存在下还原烷

摘要：The present invention relates,  in general,  to the purification of boron trichloride (BCI3). More particularly,  the invention relates to a process for minimizing silicon tetrachloride (SiCI4) formation in BCI3 production and/or the removal of S1CI4 in BCI3 product stream by preventing/minimizing the silicon source in the reaction chambers. In addition,  a hydride material may be used to convert any SiCI4 present to S1H4 which is easier to remove. Lastly freeze separation would replace fractional distillation to remove SiCI4 from BCI3 that has been partially purified to remove light boilers.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及通常，所述净化三氯化硼(bci3)。更具体地，本发明涉及一种四氯化硅(sici4最小的方法)形成在bci3生产和/或s1ci4的去除bci3产物流中通过防止/最小化硅源反应室中。另外，氢化物材料可用于将任何sici4存在s1h4它更容易除去。最后冻aration将替代分馏除去从bci3sici4已经部分纯化以除去轻锅炉。

公开（公告）号：WO2015142942A2

公开（公告）日：2015-09-24

申请号：WOUS15021088

申请日：2015-03-17

申请人：MATHESON TRI GAS INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





141、METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR VERSATILE MINIMALLY INVASIVE NEUROMODULATORS

标题（翻译）：通用微创神经调质方法和装置

摘要：A medical apparatus for a patient includes an external system configured to transmit one or more transmission signals,  each transmission signal having at least power or data. An implantable system is configured to receive the one or more transmission signals from the external system,  and the external system includes a first external device with at least one external antenna configured to transmit a first transmission signal to the implantable system. The first transmission signal includes at least power or data,  and an external transmitter is configured to drive the at least one external antenna. An external power supply is configured to provide power to at least the external transmitter,  and an external controller is configured to control the external transmitter. A first implantable device includes at least one implantable antenna configured to receive the first transmission signal from the first external device. An implantable receiver is configured to receive the first transmission signal from the at least one implantable antenna. At least one implantable functional element is configured to interface with the patient. An implantable controller is configured to control the at least one implantable functional element. The medical apparatus is configured to neuromodulate tissue and/or record patient information.

摘要（翻译）：医疗装置用于病人包括外部系统被配置为发送一个或多个传输信号，每个传送信号具有至少功率或数据。可植入系统被配置为接收所述一个或多个传输信号从外部系统，和外部系统包括第一外部装置与至少一个外部天线，被配置成发送第一传输信号到可植入系统。第一传输信号至少包括电力或数据，和外部发射器被配置为驱动所述至少一个外部天线。外部电源被配置为提供动力的至少所述外部发射器，和外部控制器被配置为控制所述外部发射器。一种第一可植入的装置包括至少一个可植入天线被配置为接收第一传输信号从第一外部装置。可植入接收器被配置成接收第一传输信号从所述至少一个可植入天线。至少一个可植入的功能元件被配置成与患者接口。可植入的控制器被配置为控制至少一个可植入的功能元件。医疗器械被配置成进行组织和/或记录患者信息。

公开（公告）号：WO2015139053A1

公开（公告）日：2015-09-17

申请号：WOUS15020808

申请日：2015-03-16

申请人：ACCELEMED LLC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





142、AN IMPROVED ARTIFICIAL HAND

标题（翻译）：一种改进的人工手

公开（公告）号：IN1244CHE2015A

公开（公告）日：2015-04-10

申请号：IN1244CHE2015

申请日：2015-03-13

申请人：Dr R Marappan; Dr A Karthikeyan; Dr K Paramasivam; Mr P Sabarinath; Mr T Santhosh Kumar; Mr C M Dinesh; Mr K Karuppanasamy; Ms Lavanya; Mr P Mahendran





143、一种基于共模型成分分析的零再训练方法

标题（翻译）：Zero retraining method based on common model component analysis

摘要：本发明提供的一种基于共模型成分分析的零再训练方法，用于肌电控制假肢，包括以下步骤：经过S天的训练与使用，存储了S天LDA分类器模型；计算目标函数；采用共模型成分分析方法计算最优投影矩阵w*；计算S天LDA分类器模型的共有成分的参数；利用共有成分的参数构造LDA分类器；从S+1天开始，采用最优投影矩阵w*对提取的特征投影，使用构造的LDA分类器进行识别。本发明提供的零再训练方法，避免每天使用前进行训练，便于肌电假肢佩戴者的使用，节省了训练时间；采用共模型成分分析方法，求取前期训练得到的分类器模型的共有成分，将此共有成分构造的分类器直接用于后期肌电假肢的使用，从而实现了肌电假肢控制的零再训练。

摘要（翻译）：The invention provides a zero retraining method based on common model component analysis,  and aims at controlling myoelectric prostheses. The method comprises the steps of training and using for S days to store an S-day LDA classifier model;  calculating target functions calculating the optimal project matrix w* by the common model component analyzing method;  calculating the parameters of the common components of the S-day LDA classifier model;  building an LDA classifier according to the parameters of the common components;  recognizing the extracted feature project through the optimal projection matrix w* from the S+1 day through the built LDA classifier. According to the method,  the training before use each day can be avoided,  thus a user using the myoelectric prostheses can use conveniently,  and the training time can be saved;  the common model component analyzing method is carried out to solve the common components of the classifier model obtained in previous training;  the classifier formed by the common components is directly applied to the user of the myoelectric prostheses in later period,  so that the zero-retraining of the myoelectric prostheses control can be avoided.

公开（公告）号：CN104809329A

公开（公告）日：2015-07-29

申请号：CN201510095192.3

申请日：2015-03-03

申请人：上海交通大学

当前法律状态：授权





144、PLASMA ABATEMENT OF COMPOUNDS CONTAINING HEAVY ATOMS

标题（翻译）：含有重原子的化合物等离子体消除

摘要：A plasma abatement process for abating effluent containing compounds from a processing chamber is described. A plasma abatement process takes gaseous foreline effluent from a processing chamber,  such as a deposition chamber,  and reacts the effluent within a plasma chamber placed in the foreline path. The plasma dissociates the compounds within the effluent,  converting the effluent into more benign compounds. Abating reagents may assist in the abating of the compounds. The abatement process may be a volatizing or a condensing abatement process. Representative volatilizing abating reagents include,  for example,  CH4,  H2O,  H2,  NF3,  SF6,  F2,  HCI,  HF,  CI2,  and HBr. Representative condensing abating reagents include,  for example,  H2,  H2O,  O2,  N2,  O3,  CO,  CO2,  NH3,  N2O,  CH4,  and combinations thereof.

摘要（翻译）：一种等离子消减工艺用于去除从处理室流出物含有化合物被描述。一种等离子消减过程以气态前级管路流出物的处理室，如沉积室，反应流出物在等离子体腔室放置在前级管路路径。等离子体离解内的化合物的流出物，将所述流出物进入更有利的化合物。消试剂可有助于减弱的化合物。所述消除过程中可以挥发或冷凝的消除方法。代表性的消挥发试剂包括，例如，CH4，H2O，H2，NF3，SF6，F2，HCl，HF，CI2，和HBr。代表性的冷凝消试剂包括，例如，H2，H2O，O2，N2，O3，CO，CO2，NH3，N2O，CH4，和它们的组合。

公开（公告）号：WO2015134197A1

公开（公告）日：2015-09-11

申请号：WOUS15016634

申请日：2015-02-19

申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





145、一种基于DIVA模型的脑电信号处理方法

标题（翻译）：Electroencephalogram signal processing method based on DIVA model

摘要：本发明公开了一种基于DIVA模型的脑电信号处理方法，该方法通过DIVA模型模拟生成的fMIR数据对脑电信号进行定位分析，并使用独立成分分析方法简化实际计算的复杂度，克服了非侵入式脑电信号分辨率低、干扰大的缺点。本发明使用DIVA模型产生的fMIR数据对EEG数据进行融合处理，克服了脑电信号空间分辨率低、信号干扰大、信噪比很低的问题。通过ICA的预处理，减小了运算的复杂性，在很大程度上克服了等效偶极子定位算法对于噪声的敏感。最后，利用本方法对真实实验数据进行处理，得到的结论符合生理学事实。本方法为汉语神经分析系统中的脑电信号处理问题提供了可行的解决方案，为今后汉语语音生成与获取相关研究奠定了基础。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses an electroencephalogram signal processing method based on a DIVA model. According to the electroencephalogram signal processing method,  fMIR data generated through the DIVA model in a simulating mode are used for carrying out positioning analysis on electroencephalogram signals,  the complexity of actual computing is simplified through an independent component analysis method,  and the defects that non-intrusive electroencephalogram signals are low in resolution ratio and high in interference are overcome. The fMIR data generated through the DIVA model are used for carrying out fusion processing on electroencephalogram data,  and the problems that the electroencephalogram signals are low in space resolution ratio,  high in signal interference and low in signal-noise ratio are resolved greatly. Through the pre-processing of ICA,  the computing complexity is reduced,  and the sensitivity of an equivalent dipole positioning algorithm to the noise is overcome greatly. Finally,  the electroencephalogram signal processing method is used for processing actual experiment data,  and the obtained conclusion meets the physiology reality. A feasible resolution scheme is provided for the electroencephalogram signal processing problem in a Chinese nerve analysis system,  and a foundation is laid for the research related to generation and obtaining of Chinese phonetic symbols in future.

公开（公告）号：CN104605845A

公开（公告）日：2015-05-13

申请号：CN201510050938.9

申请日：2015-01-30

申请人：南京邮电大学

当前法律状态：授权





146、耳戴式生理检测装置

标题（翻译）：Ear-mounted physiological detector

摘要：本发明有关一种耳戴式生理检测装置，其包括一磁性耳戴结构，一生理信号撷取电路，一光发射组件与一光接收组件，以及多个脑电电极，其中，该磁性耳戴结构具有可隔着一耳廓的一部分而彼此磁性相吸的一第一部件以及一第二部件，该光发射组件以及该光接收组件设置于该磁性耳戴结构上，以在该磁性耳戴结构吸附于该耳廓部分时，固定于该耳廓部分上，以获得相关心血管系统的生理信息，另外，至少其中一脑电电极亦设置于该磁性耳戴结构上，以接触该耳廓部分的皮肤，以及至少其中另一电极接触一其它部分皮肤，以形成一脑电信号检测回路，进而取得脑电信号。

摘要（翻译）：The invention relates to an ear-mounted physiological detector comprising a magnetic ear-mounted structure,  a physiological signal capturing circuit,  an optical transmitting component,  an optical receiving component and a plurality of EEG (electroencephalogram) electrodes. The magnetic ear-mounted structure a first part and a second part which can magnetically attract each other across part of the auricle. The optical transmitting component and the optical receiving component are disposed on the magnetic ear-mounted structure,  so that when attracted to the auricle,  the magnetic ear-mounted structure is fixed to the auricle to acquire related physiological information of the cardiovascular system;  additionally,  at least one EEG electrode is disposed on the magnetic ear-mounted structure and contacts the skin of the auricle,  at least another electrode contacts other skin,  and an EEG detection loop is formed to acquire EEG signals.

公开（公告）号：CN104665790A

公开（公告）日：2015-06-03

申请号：CN201510038032.5

申请日：2015-01-26

申请人：周常安

当前法律状态：撤回





147、穿戴式生理检测装置

标题（翻译）：Wearable physiological detection device

摘要：一种穿戴式生理检测装置，用以提供脑部活动信息以及决定一呼吸导引信号，以作为使用者在一神经生理回馈区段中自我调整脑部功能的基础，进而达成一神经生理回馈回路。该装置具有一穿戴结构，以将脑电电极及/或心率感测单元设置于头部及/或耳朵或耳朵附近区域，进而取得脑部活动信息以及有关呼吸行为的信息。

摘要（翻译）：A wearable physiological detection device is used for providing brain activity information and deciding a breathing guide signal,  and the brain activity information and the breathing guide signal serve as bases for user' s self-regulation of brain functions in a neurophysiologic feedback section,  so that a neurophysiologic feedback loop is formed. The wearable physiological detection device comprises a wearing structure which is implemented by arranging brain electrical electrodes and/or a heart rate sensing unit on the brain and/or the ear or a nearby area of the ear so as to acquire the brain activity information and information related to breathing behaviors.

公开（公告）号：CN104665827A

公开（公告）日：2015-06-03

申请号：CN201510037892.7

申请日：2015-01-26

申请人：周常安

当前法律状态：授权





148、耳戴式生理检测装置

标题（翻译）：Er daishi physiology detection device

摘要：本实用新型有关一种耳戴式生理检测装置，其包括一磁性耳戴结构，一生理信号撷取电路，一光发射组件与一光接收组件，以及多个脑电电极，其中，该磁性耳戴结构具有可隔着一耳廓的一部分而彼此磁性相吸的一第一部件以及一第二部件，该光发射组件以及该光接收组件设置于该磁性耳戴结构上，以在该磁性耳戴结构吸附于该耳廓部分时，固定于该耳廓部分上，以获得相关心血管系统的生理信息，另外，至少其中一脑电电极亦设置于该磁性耳戴结构上，以接触该耳廓部分的皮肤，以及至少其中另一电极接触一其它部分皮肤，以形成一脑电信号检测回路，进而取得脑电信号。

摘要（翻译）：The utility model relates to an er daishi physiology detection device,  it includes that a magnetism ear wears the structure,  a physiological signal captures the circuit,  an emission of light subassembly and a light -receiving subassembly,  and a plurality of brains electricity electrode,  wherein,  this magnetism ear is worn the structure and is had and can separate the partly of an auricle and a first part and the second part inhaled mutually of magnetism each other,  this emission of light subassembly and this light -receiving subassembly set up to be worn structurally in this magnetism ear,  adsorb when this auricle is partial in order to wear the structure at this magnetism ear,  be fixed in in this auricle part,  with the physiology information that obtains relevant cardiovascular system,  additionally,  one of them brain electricity electrode also sets up to be worn structurally in this magnetism ear,  with the skin that contacts this auricle part,  and another electrode contact other part skins at least wherein,  in order to form a EEG signal detection loop,  and then gain EEG signal.

公开（公告）号：CN204863140U

公开（公告）日：2015-12-16

申请号：CN201520052873.7

申请日：2015-01-26

申请人：周常安

当前法律状态：授权





149、头部动作确定方法和装置

标题（翻译）：Method and device for determining head gestures

摘要：本申请公开了一种头部动作确定方法和装置，其中，所述头部动作确定方法包括：响应于人体的一头部动作，获取所述人体的脑电检测信息；确定与所述脑电检测信息对应的头部动作。本申请提供了一种头部动作识别的新方案，头部动作识别的准确度较高。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses a method and a device for determining head gestures. The method for determining the head gestures includes the steps :  responding to a head gesture of a human body to obtain brain electrical detection information of the human body;  determining the head gestures corresponding to the brain electrical detection information. The invention provides a novel head gesture identification scheme,  and head gesture identification accuracy is high.

公开（公告）号：CN104503592A

公开（公告）日：2015-04-08

申请号：CN201510035315.4

申请日：2015-01-23

申请人：北京智谷睿拓技术服务有限公司

当前法律状态：驳回





150、METHODS FOR ENHANCING THE DELIVERY OF ACTIVE AGENTS

标题（翻译）：增强活性剂递送的方法

摘要：A method of increasing blood-brain barrier permeability of selected brain tissue in a subject in need thereof is carried out by :  (a) parenterally administering to the subject stem cells that migrate to the brain tissue,  the stem cells containing a recombinant nucleic acid,  the recombinant nucleic acid comprising a nucleic acid encoding a barrier-opening protein or peptide operably associated with a heat-inducible promoter;  and then (b) selectively heating the selected brain tissue sufficient to induce the expression of the barrier-opening protein or peptide in an amount effective to increase the permeability of the blood-brain barrier in the selected brain tissue. Nucleic acids,  vectors,  stem cells and compositions useful for carrying out such methods are also described.

摘要（翻译）：一种增加需要其的受试者中所选脑组织的血脑屏障通透性的方法，通过以下步骤进行 : (a)对迁移到脑组织的受试者干细胞胃肠外给药，所述干细胞包含重组核酸，所述重组核酸包含编码与热诱导启动子可操作地相关联的屏障开放蛋白或肽的核酸； 和(b)选择性地加热选定的脑组织，足以诱导有效量的屏障开放蛋白或肽的表达，以增加血脑屏障在选定脑组织中的通透性。 还描述了可用于实施这些方法的核酸、载体、干细胞和组合物。

公开（公告）号：US20160324989A1

公开（公告）日：2016-11-10

申请号：US15110211

申请日：2015-01-13

申请人：WAKE FOREST UNIVERSITY HEALTH SCIENCES

当前法律状态：暂缺





151、METHODS FOR ENHANCING THE DELIVERY OF ACTIVE AGENTS

标题（翻译）：用于增强递送活性剂的方法

摘要：A method of increasing blood-brain barrier permeability of selected brain tissue in a subject in need thereof is carried out by :  (a) parenterally administering to the subject stem cells that migrate to the brain tissue,  the stem cells containing a recombinant nucleic acid,  the recombinant nucleic acid comprising a nucleic acid encoding a barrier-opening protein or peptide operably associated with a heat-inducible promoter;  and then (b) selectively heating the selected brain tissue sufficient to induce the expression of the barrier-opening protein or peptide in an amount effective to increase the permeability of the blood-brain barrier in the selected brain tissue. Nucleic acids,  vectors,  stem cells and compositions useful for carrying out such methods are also described.

摘要（翻译）：一种提高血脑屏障通透性的方法选择需要其的受试者的脑组织，进行通过 : (a)肠胃外给药的受试者的干细胞迁移到脑组织，干细胞含有重组核酸，所述重组核酸包括编码核酸的阻挡层的开口可操作地相关联的蛋白质或肽与一种热诱导启动子；和然后(b)有选择地加热所选择的脑组织内制造足以诱导表达的阻挡层的开口蛋白或肽的量能有效增加血脑屏障的通透性在所选择的脑组织。核酸，载体，干细胞和组合物可用于进行这些方法也进行了描述。

公开（公告）号：WO2015108856A2

公开（公告）日：2015-07-23

申请号：WOUS15011171

申请日：2015-01-13

申请人：WAKE FOREST UNIVERSITY HEALTH SCIENCES

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





152、一种终端控制方法及装置

标题（翻译）：Terminal control method and device

摘要：本发明实施例公开了一种终端控制方法及装置，涉及信号处理技术领域，其中，所述方法包括：采集预设时长的用户的第一脑电信息；根据所述第一脑电信息和预设的用户状态分析模型，确定用户的当前状态，其中，所述预设的用户状态分析模型用于表示脑电信息与用户状态之间的对应关系；根据所确定的用户的当前状态，设置终端的运行状态，进而实现对所述终端的控制。应用本发明实施例提供的方案控制终端，无需通过用户的肢体或者声音也可实现对终端的控制，能够方便有行为障碍或者语言障碍的用户控制终端，丰富了用户与终端之间的交互方式。

摘要（翻译）：An embodiment of the invention discloses a terminal control method and device and relates to the technical field of signal processing. The method includes collecting first brain electrical information of preset duration of a user;  analyzing a model according to the first brain electrical information and the preset user state to determine the current state of the user,  wherein the preset user state analysis model is used for showing the corresponding relation between the brain electrical information and the user state;  setting the operation state of a terminal according to the current state of the determined user to further achieve control of the terminal. By means of the scheme,  control of the terminal can be achieved without limbs or sound of the user,  users with behavior disturbance or language disturbance can control the terminal conveniently,  and interaction between the user and the terminal is enriched.

公开（公告）号：CN104503588A

公开（公告）日：2015-04-08

申请号：CN201410853946.2

申请日：2014-12-31

申请人：北京奇艺世纪科技有限公司

当前法律状态：驳回





153、FILM DEPOSITION USING SPATIAL ATOMIC LAYER DEPOSITION OR PULSED CHEMICAL VAPOR DEPOSITION

标题（翻译）：薄膜沉积使用空间原子层淀积或脉冲化学气相沉积

摘要：Provided are atomic layer deposition methods to deposit a film using a circular batch processing chamber with a plurality of sections separated by gas curtains so that each section independently has a process condition.

摘要（翻译）：提供原子层沉积方法沉积膜在使用圆批量处理室与多个段arated气帘，使每段独立地具有工艺条件。

公开（公告）号：WO2015103358A1

公开（公告）日：2015-07-09

申请号：WOUS14072929

申请日：2014-12-31

申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





154、一种基于脑电信号的驾驶员辅助人车交互系统

标题（翻译）：Driver-car interactive system assisting driver based on electroencephalograms

摘要：本发明涉及一种利用脑电信号(EEG)进行控制的辅助驾驶员的人车交互系统及其相关计算方法。人-车辆系统中人的任务分为驾驶任务(车道保持及危险监控等)和非驾驶任务(与驾驶任务无直接关系的车载装置的开关等，比如空调的开关，音乐播放器的开关等)。本发明目的在于实现非驾驶任务当中驾驶员与车辆之间的一种新型交互模式。运用本发明的方法，驾驶员不再用肢体进行非驾驶任务，而是用大脑。驾驶员只需要按照自己的需求进行对应的任务，然后系统对相应的脑电信息进行处理分析，读取驾驶员的需求，进而实现非驾驶任务的执行，实现一种新型人车交互模式。本发明属于车辆设计领域、人机交互科学、认知神经科学和自动控制领域的综合应用。

摘要（翻译）：The invention relates to a driver-car interactive system assisting a driver and utilizing electroencephalograms (EEGs) for carrying out control,  a relevant computing method of the system and belongs to comprehensive application in the fields of car design,  man-machine interaction science,  cognitive neuroscience and automatic control. Tasks of a driver in the driver-car system are divided into a driving task (lane keeping,  danger monitoring and the like) and a non-driving task (turning on,  turning off and the like of a vehicle-mounted device not directly related with the driving task,  such as turning on and turning off of an air conditioner,  turning on and turning off of a music player and the like). The system aims at achieving a novel interaction mode between the driver and a car in the non-driving task. By the application of the method,  the driver can carry out non-driving task without limbs and use the brain for carrying out the task. The driver only needs to carry out the corresponding task according to needs of the driver,  then,  the system carries out processing and analysis on the corresponding electroencephalogram information,  reads the needs of the driver and further achieves execution of the non-driving task,  and the novel driver-car interaction mode is achieved.

公开（公告）号：CN104461007A

公开（公告）日：2015-03-25

申请号：CN201410804459.7

申请日：2014-12-19

申请人：北京理工大学

当前法律状态：授权





155、USE OF NON-OXIDIZING STRONG ACIDS FOR THE REMOVAL OF ION-IMPLANTED RESIST

标题（翻译）：使用非氧化性强酸用于去除离子注入的抗蚀剂

摘要：A method and composition for removing bulk and/or ion-implanted resist material from microelectronic devices have been developed. The compositions effectively remove the ion-implanted resist material while not damaging the silicon-containing or germanium-containing materials.

摘要（翻译）：方法和组合物用于除去松散和/或离子注入从微电子器件已经开发了抗蚀剂材料。该组合物可以有效的去除离子注入抗蚀剂材料，而不会破坏含硅的或含锗材料。

公开（公告）号：WO2015095726A1

公开（公告）日：2015-06-25

申请号：WOUS14071540

申请日：2014-12-19

申请人：ENTEGRIS INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





156、METHOD FOR LOCATING AT LEAST ONE OBJECT MOVABLE MAGNET,  AND SYSTEM THEREFOR

标题（翻译）：至少一个对象的活动磁铁定位方法，及其系统

摘要：A method for locating at least one movable magnetic object relative to a network of at least N tri-axial magnetometers linked together mechanically with no degree of freedom to retain a known relative position of these magnetometers,  N being an integer number at least equal to 2,  comprises,  continuously :  a step of detection of a magnetometer capable of being magnetized,  i.e. capable of delivering as output measurements comprising a measurement bias following a magnetization;  a step of correction,  by means of a correction bias,  of the measurements delivered by the magnetometer capable of being magnetized,  the correction bias corresponding to a deviation between the measurements supplied by the magnetometer as input for a location filtering and the estimations,  upon the location filtering,  of the data delivered by the magnetometer;  and a step of consideration of the magnetometer as not capable of being magnetized,  by taking into account the step of correction of the magnetometer capable of being magnetized.

摘要（翻译）：该至少一个动磁性物体的定位方法(ommk)的至少N个三轴相对于网络磁力计(Mi，j)，它们彼此机械地连接到无自由度，以保持公知的这些磁力计的相对位置(Mi，j)，n为至少等于2的整数，包括，连续地 : 检测步骤(E1)的磁力计(mi，j)能被磁化，即，能够将作为输出测量值(B1，j)包括测量MES偏置(I，J MES)的磁化；步骤(E2)的校正，通过修正偏压(Bc I，J Mes)，测量结果(1bI，J MES)中由该磁力计(mi，j)能被磁化，所述校正偏置(b[I，J之间的偏差对应MES)的测量值(1bI，J Mes)输入的所述磁力仪(mi，j)(FL)和该估计的定位孔中。过滤操作(B，I，J)，所述定位滤波操作时(FL)，所传递的数据，所述磁力计(mi，j)；和步骤(E3)考虑所述磁力计(Mi，j)不能被磁化，通过考虑所述所述磁力仪进行校正的步骤(mi，j)能被磁化。这种方法例如允许磁性物体，例如触针的上方移动电子装置，例如平板被定位在检测时具有磁化过高导致的饱和这种磁强计的效果，同时修正饱和度的位置测量。

公开（公告）号：FR3029643B1

公开（公告）日：2017-01-13

申请号：FR14062108

申请日：2014-12-09

申请人：ISKN

当前法律状态：审中





157、CONVERSATION AGENT

标题（翻译）：会话代理

摘要：Various systems and methods for a conversation agent are described herein. A system for a conversation agent includes a context module to determine a context of a conversation involving a first participant and a second participant;  a conversation history module to access a conversation history of the first participant and a conversation history of the second participant;  a conversation topic module to identify a conversation topic using the context of the conversation,  the conversation history of the first participant,  and the conversation history of the second participant;  and a presentation module to present the conversation topic to the first participant.

摘要（翻译）：这里描述了用于会话代理的各种系统和方法。 一种用于会话代理系统，包括 : 上下文模块，用于确定涉及第一参与者和第二参与者的会话的上下文； 会话历史模块，用于访问所述第一参与者的会话历史和所述第二参与者的会话历史； 会话主题模块，用于使用所述会话的上下文、所述第一参与者的会话历史和所述第二参与者的会话历史来标识会话主题； 以及呈现模块，用于将会话主题呈现给第一参与者。

公开（公告）号：US20160164813A1

公开（公告）日：2016-06-09

申请号：US14560052

申请日：2014-12-04

申请人：Intel Corporation

当前法律状态：暂缺





158、DRY CHLORINATION PROCESS TO PRODUCE ANHYDROUS RARE EARTH CHLORIDES

标题（翻译）：干燥氯化过程产生无水稀土氯化物

摘要：A process for producing at least one rare earth chloride from an ore containing the at least one rare earth comprises :  contacting the ore containing the at least one rare earth with reactants comprising a carbonaceous reducing agent,  chlorine,  and a boron-containing Lewis acid in a chlorination reactor to produce a gaseous product and a non-volatile chloride mixture comprising the at least one rare earth chloride.

摘要（翻译）：方法用于生产至少一个稀土氯化物从矿石含有至少一种稀土包括 : 使从矿物含有至少一种稀土与反应物包含碳质还原剂，氯，和含硼的路易斯酸在氯化反应器生产气态产物和非易失性氯混合物包括至少一种氯化稀土。

公开（公告）号：WO2015081427A1

公开（公告）日：2015-06-11

申请号：WOCA14051118

申请日：2014-11-25

申请人：NIOBEC INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





159、CUSTOMIZATION OF HELP INFORMATION BASED ON EEG DATA

标题（翻译）：基于EEG数据的帮助信息定制

摘要：A method (100) is implemented by a computing device for helping a particular user use a user interface (UI). Electroencephalography (EEG) data is obtained (102) that indicates brain activity of a particular user during a period in which that user views the UI and/or interprets help information that describes how to use the UI. Based on the EEG data,  the computing device selects (104),  from among multiple pre-defined cognitive states,  the one or more cognitive states that characterize the particular user during the period. The computing device assists (106) the particular user to use the UI by customizing the help information for the particular user based on the one or more selected cognitive states. A complementary computing device and computer program product are also disclosed.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于帮助特定用户使用用户界面(UI)的方法(100)由计算设备实现。 获得(102)指示特定用户在该用户查看UI和/或解释描述如何使用UI的帮助信息的时段期间的脑活动的脑电图(EEG)数据。 基于EEG数据，计算设备从多个预定义的认知状态中选择(104)在时段期间表征特定用户的一个或多个认知状态。 计算设备通过基于一个或多个选择的认知状态为特定用户定制帮助信息来帮助特定用户使用UI。(106)计算设备通过基于一个或多个选择的认知状态为特定用户定制帮助信息来帮助特定用户使用UI。 还公开了一种互补计算设备和计算机程序产品。

公开（公告）号：US20170316707A1

公开（公告）日：2017-11-02

申请号：US15521143

申请日：2014-10-24

申请人：Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (publ)

当前法律状态：暂缺





160、一种深度信息感知脑机融合避障导航装置

标题（翻译）：Depth information perception brain machine fused obstacle avoidance navigation device

摘要：本发明一种深度信息感知脑机融合避障导航装置，涉及一种利用深度感知信息来躲避障碍物，并完成导航功能的装置，属于医疗辅助设备及智能机器人领域，其特征是：定位导航装置置于无线信号发射接收装置的正下方，中央处理器置于下固定盒的中间部位，且位于系统设置器的下方，图形处理器置于中央处理器的右侧，随机访问存储器置于图形处理器的正下方，固定存储器置于中央处理器的左侧，感知装置电源置于安全预警指示灯的左侧，无线通讯器置于感知装置电源的左侧，红外深度传感器位于无线通讯器的左侧，信息感知控制器置于感知箱的最左端，左双目摄像机和右双目摄像机分别置于信息感知控制器的右侧和红外深度传感器的左侧。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses a depth information perception brain machine fused obstacle avoidance navigation device,  relates to a device for avoiding obstacles by utilizing depth perception information and completing a navigation function,  and belongs to the field of medical auxiliary equipment and intelligent robots. The obstacle avoidance navigation device is characterized in that a positioning navigation device is disposed below a radio signal transmitting and receiving device,  a central processing unit is disposed in the middle of a lower fixed box and positioned below a system setter,  a graphics processor is disposed on the right side of the central processing unit,  a random access memory is disposed below the graphics processor,  a permanent memory is disposed on the left side of the central processing unit,  a perception device power supply is disposed on the left side of a security early warning indicating lamp,  a wireless communicator is disposed on the left side of the perception device power supply,  an infrared depth sensor is positioned on the left side of the wireless communicator,  an information perception controller is disposed at the leftmost end of a perception box,  and a left binocular camera and a right binocular camera are respectively disposed on the right side of the information perception controller and the left side of the infrared depth sensor.

公开（公告）号：CN105012119A

公开（公告）日：2015-11-04

申请号：CN201410553527.7

申请日：2014-10-12

申请人：中国矿业大学; 中国科学院计算技术研究所; 丁世飞

当前法律状态：授权





161、AUTOMATED RUNTIME DETECTION OF MALWARE

标题（翻译）：自动化运行的恶意软件检测

摘要：In the case of one exemplary method and corresponding device the loading time extracts the model of computer application database stores the model of computer application in.  To this exemplary method and corresponding device the in addition at runtime to collect the contact is inserted instructions into applications computer.  Then the exemplary method and corresponding device request from one or more of the security events to detect computer application of stored model at runtime collected,  analyzes the state machine that one or more security using a tracking events.

摘要（翻译）：在一种示例性的方法及相应装置的情况下加载时间的计算机模型中提取应用的计算机数据库中存储有模型中的应用。另外这个示例性的方法及相应的装置在运行时收集所述触头插入计算机的指令到应用中。然后该示例性方法及相应装置请求从一个或多个安全事件的检测计算机存储的模型在运行时收集的应用，分析所述一个或多个安全使用状态机跟踪事件。

公开（公告）号：KR1020160114037A

公开（公告）日：2016-10-04

申请号：KR1020167009506

申请日：2014-09-12

申请人：버섹 시스템즈 인코포레이션





162、Activity-centric contextual modes of operation for electronic devices

标题（翻译）：以活动为中心的电子设备上下文操作模式

摘要：Based on an observation of user behaviors,  users change functionalities of electronic devices whenever users shift their activities. For example,  when a user is going to sleep,  said user may turn off TV and lights,  set alarm,  and set vibration for smart phone. All said changes to the functionalities are related to a shift in user-activity to “sleep” and may require clicks,  pinches,  swipes or else to buttons,  touch screens,  and other user interface tools,  which are all too complex for many users. This invention provides systems and methods to reduce the complexity in user interface practice. When this invention detects a new user-activity,  it automatically applies required changes to functionalities,  which are predefined as a mode of operation for the detected user-activity. Thus user interface practice and user experience of this invention is simple,  intuitive and better suited for recent complexity in functionality.

摘要（翻译）：基于对用户行为的观察，每当用户改变他们的活动时，用户就改变电子设备的功能。 例如，当用户要睡觉时，所述用户可以关掉电视和灯，设置闹钟，并且设置智能电话的振动。 所有所述对功能的改变都与用户活动向“睡眠”的转变相关，并且可能需要点击、捏击、滑动或者其他按钮、触摸屏和其他用户界面工具，这些对许多用户来说都太复杂了。 本发明提供了降低用户界面实践中的复杂性的系统和方法。 当本发明检测到新的用户活动时，它自动地将所需的改变应用于功能，所述功能被预定义为所检测到的用户活动的操作模式。 因此，本发明的用户界面实践和用户体验是简单、直观的，并且更适合于近来功能的复杂性。

公开（公告）号：US20160179087A1

公开（公告）日：2016-06-23

申请号：US14484299

申请日：2014-09-12

申请人：Joonyoung Lee





163、PREDICTING BREAST CANCER RECURRENCE

标题（翻译）：预测乳腺癌复发

摘要：Provided are methods of determining risk of cancer recurrence in a subject afflicted with breast cancer. Also provided are methods of determining responsiveness to treatment of a subject afflicted with breast cancer. Additionally provided are methods of treating a subject afflicted with breast cancer.

摘要（翻译）：本发明方法确定的受试者中癌症复发风险患有乳腺癌。还提供方法确定响应性治疗的受试者患有乳腺癌。另外提供治疗受试者的方法患有乳腺癌。

公开（公告）号：WO2015038682A1

公开（公告）日：2015-03-19

申请号：WOUS14055041

申请日：2014-09-10

申请人：BIO THERANOSTICS INC; SCHNABEL Catherine A; SGROI Dennis C; ZHANG Yi; SCHROEDER Brock; ERLANDER Mark G

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





164、METHOD FOR QUALIFYING THE EFFECTIVE MODAL BANDWIDTH OF A MULTIMODE FIBER OVER A WIDE WAVELENGTH RANGE FROM A SINGLE WAVELENGTH DMD MEASUREMENT AND METHOD FOR SELECTING A HIGH EFFECTIVE MODAL BANDWIDTH MULTIMODE FIBER FROM A BATCH OF MULTIMODE FIBERS

标题（翻译）：合格的方法有效模式带宽的多模光纤在宽波长范围从单波长 DMD测定和方法，选择一种高有效模式带宽多模光纤从一批多模光纤

摘要：The invention relates to a method for qualifying the actual effective modal bandwidth of a multimode optical fiber over a predetermined wavelength range,  comprising the steps of :  carrying out (30) a Dispersion Modal Delay (DMD) measurement of the multimode optical fiber at a single wavelength to obtain an actual DMD plot;  generating (32) at least two distinct modified DMD plots from the actual DMD plot,  each modified DMD plot being generated by applying a temporal delay At to the recorded traces that increases in absolute values with the radial offset value roffset,  each modified DMD plot being associated with a predetermined bandwidth threshold (S1;  S2);  for each modified DMD plot,  computing (33) an effective modal bandwidth as a function of said modified DMD plot and comparing (34) the computed effective modal bandwidth (EMBc1;  EMBc2) with the bandwidth threshold value to which the modified DMD plot is associated;  (35) qualifying the actual effective modal bandwidth as a function of results from the comparing step. 

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种合格的方法的实际有效模式带宽的多模光纤在 预定波长范围， 包括如下步骤 :  进行(30)分散模式延迟(DMD)测量的多模光纤在单一波长，得到 实际DMD图； 生成(32)至少两个不同的改性DMD绘制实际DMD曲线， 每个应用产生的改性DMD图的时间延迟在对记录的轨迹增加的绝对 值与径向偏移值roffset，每个改性DMD曲线与预定的带宽阈值相关联(S1； S2)； 为每个更改的DMD曲线， 计算(33)有效模式带宽为所述改性DMD的函数曲线进行比较(34)计算出的有效 模式带宽(embc1； embc2)与带宽门限值，其中改性DMD曲线相关联； (35)合格的实际有效模式带宽为从所述比较步骤的结果的函数。

公开（公告）号：WO2016034913A1

公开（公告）日：2016-03-10

申请号：WOIB14002100

申请日：2014-09-03

申请人：DRAKA COMTEQ BV

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





165、VENT ADAPTER FOR LEAD-ACID BATTERY SYSTEMS

标题（翻译）：通气适配器用于铅酸电池系统

摘要：A vent adapter for a lead-acid battery includes a first side configured to mate with a vent port of the lead-acid battery via a first connector having a first geometry;  and a second side in fluid communication with the first side and configured to mate with a vent passage of an automobile via a second connector having a second geometry,  wherein the first and second geometries have respective shapes that are different from one another.

摘要（翻译）：通气适配器用于铅酸蓄电池包括第一侧被构造成配合有通气口所述铅酸电池通过第一连接器，其具有第一的几何形状；和第二侧与第一侧流体连通并被构造成配合有通气道汽车通过第二连接器，其具有第二的几何形状，其中第一和第二的几何形状具有各自的形状彼此不同。

公开（公告）号：KR1020160024932A

公开（公告）日：2016-03-07

申请号：KR1020167001603

申请日：2014-07-24

申请人：JOHNSON CONTROLS TECH CO

当前法律状态：未授权失效





166、VENT ADAPTER FOR LEAD-ACID BATTERY SYSTEMS

标题（翻译）：用于铅酸电池通气适配器系统

摘要：A vent adapter for a lead-acid battery includes a first side configured to mate with a vent port of the lead-acid battery via a first connector having a first geometry;  and a second side in fluid communication with the first side and configured to mate with a vent passage of an automobile via a second connector having a second geometry,  wherein the first and second geometries have respective shapes that are different from one another.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于铅酸蓄电池通气适配器包括第一侧被构造成配合有通气口铅酸蓄电池通过第一连接器，其具有第一的几何形状；和第二侧流体连通，与第一侧和被构造成配合有通风道汽车通过第二连接器，其具有第二的几何形状，所述第一和第二的几何形状具有各自的形状彼此是不同的。

公开（公告）号：WO2015013526A1

公开（公告）日：2015-01-29

申请号：WOUS14048044

申请日：2014-07-24

申请人：JOHNSON CONTROLS TECHNOLOGY COMPANY

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





167、一种运动想象脑电信号的特征提取方法

标题（翻译）：Characteristic extraction method of motor imagery electroencephalogram signals

摘要：本发明涉及一种运动想象脑电信号的特征提取方法。所述方法首先将采集到的脑电信号进行预处理，然后对每导信号进行经验模态分解(EMD)，得到多阶的固有模态函数(IMF)信号，接着选取相同阶数的IMF信号作为新的信号，通过共同空间模式算法(CSP)获得空间滤波器，提取脑电信号的特征，并输入到分类器中进行分类，并根据分类准确率选取EMD和CSP中参数的最优值，最终获得最优参数下的脑电特征。本发明采用基于EMD与CSP对运动想象脑电信号进行特征提取，可以根据每个人脑电信号的特点，将信号自适应地分解成多个IMF信号，只需较少的电极就可以进行脑电信号的特征提取，并且从而较大程度地提高了脑电信号的分类准确率。

摘要（翻译）：The invention relates to a characteristic extraction method of motor imagery electroencephalogram signals. According to the method,  firstly,  the collected electroencephalogram signals are preprocessed,  then EMD is performed on all leads of signals to obtain multi-order IMF signals,  then the IMF signals which are identical in number of orders are selected as new signals,  a spatial filter is obtained through a CSP algorithm,  characteristics of the electroencephalogram signals are extracted and input into a classifier for classification,  the optimal value of parameters in the EMD and CSP is selected according to the classification accuracy rate,  and finally the electroencephalogram characteristics under the optimal parameter are obtained. Based on the EMD and CSP,  characteristic extraction is performed on the motor imagery electroencephalogram signals,  the signals can be decomposed into the multiple IMF signals in a self-adaptation mode according to characteristics of the electroencephalogram signals of different persons,  characteristic extraction can be performed on the electroencephalogram signals only by few electrodes,  and the classification accuracy rate of the electroencephalogram signals is increased to a greater degree.

公开（公告）号：CN104091172A

公开（公告）日：2014-10-08

申请号：CN201410319149.6

申请日：2014-07-04

申请人：北京工业大学

当前法律状态：授权





168、data eyeglasses

标题（翻译）：数据眼镜

摘要：data eyeglasses ,  the at least one device for optical Signalling of variable information,  a sensor for detecting the position and tracking the movement of the data eyeglasses ,  an automatic regulating/control system,  the controls by the receiver has the device for optical signalling,  or on the head-worn device comprising a frame and one at the,  on which the apparatus for optical signalling,  the mounting bracket and the regulating/control system are fixed,  characterized in that the interface system has data eyeglasses a brain-Computers-.

摘要（翻译）：数据眼镜，所述至少一个可变信息的光的信号装置，一传感器，用于检测位置和跟踪的运动数据眼镜，自动调节/控制系统，该装置用光学信号表示通过控制接收器，和棘爪弹簧或在头戴装置，包括机架，在其上的光的信号装置，安装支架和调节/控制系统是固定的，其特征在于 : 具有数据接口系统眼镜脑计算机。

公开（公告）号：DE202014005328U1

公开（公告）日：2014-12-31

申请号：DE202014005328

申请日：2014-07-02

申请人：Christian Stroetmann

当前法律状态：届满终止





169、Information,  data eyeglasses[...] communication system for vehicles with

标题（翻译）：信息，数据眼镜[…]用于车辆通信系统与

摘要：Information,  [...] Communication system for vehicle,  the an onboard computer,  a data eyeglasses to at least one device for optical signalling of variable information,  a sensor for sensing the position and the movement of the control system and an automatic regulating/ data eyeglasses persecution,  the controls by the receiver has the apparatus for optical signalling has,  a compound of the on-board computer with the vehicle electronicsdata eyeglasses and a compound of the on-board computer with the,  so that the control over the access to the sensor data and the actuator controller data eyeglasses has vehicle electronics ,  characterized in that the information,  [...] communication system at least one separate non-contact,  optical or acoustic sensor for position detection and movement tracking the data eyeglasses ,  the cooperating with the automatic regulating/control system and its data eyeglasses[...] the motion tracking system.

摘要（翻译）：信息，[…]车辆通信系统，该机载计算机，数据眼镜的至少一个可变信息的光的信号装置，一传感器，用于感测的位置和运动的控制系统和自动调节/数据眼镜徒增，由接收机的控制具有具有光的信号装置，复合板上的电脑与车辆electronicsdata眼镜和复合板上的计算机与，从而控制访问所述传感器数据和致动器控制器数据具有车辆电子装置的眼镜，cheracterised在所述信息，[…]通信系统的至少一个单独的非接触，光学或声学传感器进行位置检测和运动跟踪数据眼镜，该配合自动调节/控制系统及其数据眼镜[…]的运动跟踪系统。

公开（公告）号：DE202014005329U1

公开（公告）日：2014-12-31

申请号：DE202014005329

申请日：2014-07-02

申请人：Christian Stroetmann

当前法律状态：届满终止





170、一种基于组合差异进化的脑电信号特征选择及分类方法

标题（翻译）：Electroencephalogram feature selecting and classifying method based on combined differential evaluation

摘要：本发明公开了一种基于组合差异进化的脑电信号特征选择及分类方法，通过利用组合差异进化算法在全局搜索能力和快速收敛方面的突出表现，迅速找到最佳空间滤波系数和特征向量，克服现有技术中需依靠人工确定空间滤波系数和特征向量的工作繁琐且低效的问题，并利用搜索到的最佳空间滤波系数和特征向量训练分类器，对脑电信号进行分类，提高脑电信号的识别率。实现了对脑电信号的自动化识别，降低了人工劳动强度，大大提高了脑电信号的处理效率。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses an electroencephalogram feature selecting and classifying method based on combined differential evaluation. Due to the fact that a combined differential evaluation algorithm has the advantages in the global searching ability and the rapid convergence aspect,  the combined differential evaluation algorithm is utilized to rapidly find out the optimal spatial filtering coefficients and feature vectors. Thus,  the problem of complex and low-efficiency work of relying on manual work to decide spatial filtering coefficients and feature vectors in the prior art is solved,  and a classifier is trained according to the searched optimal spatial filtering coefficients and feature vectors to classify electroencephalogram to improve the recognition rate of electroencephalogram. In addition,  the purpose of recognizing electroencephalogram automatically is achieved,  the labor intensity is reduced,  and the processing efficiency of electroencephalogram is greatly improved.

公开（公告）号：CN103996054A

公开（公告）日：2014-08-20

申请号：CN201410245808.6

申请日：2014-06-05

申请人：中南大学

当前法律状态：授权





171、Methods and systems for controlling body parts and devices using ipsilateral motor cortex and motor related cortex

标题（翻译）：使用同侧运动皮层和运动相关皮层控制身体部位和装置的方法和系统

摘要：A system for controlling a body part includes a number of sensing devices that sense signals from a hemisphere of a brain. A signal translating unit translates the signals into a command signal for controlling the body part,  which is on a same side of the body as the hemisphere of the brain. A prosthetic device receives the command signal from the signal translating unit and manipulates the body part in response to the command signal.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于控制身体部位的系统包括多个感测装置，所述感测装置感测来自大脑半球的信号。 信号转换单元将所述信号转换成用于控制身体部位的命令信号，所述身体部位与大脑半球在身体的同一侧。 假肢装置接收来自信号转换单元的命令信号，并响应于该命令信号操纵身体部分。

公开（公告）号：US9730816B2

公开（公告）日：2017-08-15

申请号：US14291603

申请日：2014-05-30

申请人：Washington University

当前法律状态：暂缺





172、Collapsible torque wrench

标题（翻译）：折叠式扭矩扳手

摘要：The torque wrench 30 includes a shank 40 having a drive head 42 at a front end and two pivoted ends (45,  47,  Figure 5) at a rear end. A front end of a connection rod 50 is pivotally connected with the first pivoted end. A housing 60 includes a tubular body 61 and a casing 65 fixedly disposed on one side of the tubular body. The connection rod is relatively slidably fitted in the tubular body. A torque adjustment mechanism includes a fixing block (70,  Figure 5) mounted in the tubular body by at least two pins 75. A stop member 80 is received in the casing with a front end pivotally connected with the second pivoted end of the shank. The stop member is angularly displaceable within the casing. The fixing block may be easily demounted from the tubular body for replacement. An alternative torque wrench includes a branch bar,  a sandwich pivot structure with two lugs,  a collar and at least one pin member.

摘要（翻译）：扭矩扳手30包括轴柄40具有驱动头42在前端和两个枢接端部(45，47，图5)在后端。连接杆50的前端第一枢接端可枢转地连接。壳体60包括一个管状体61和壳体65固定设置在一侧的管状体。连接杆相对可滑动地装配在所述管状体。扭矩调节机构包括固定块(70，图5)安装在由至少两个管状体销75。止动件80被接收在壳体内与前端第二枢接端可枢转地连接所述柄。止动件有角度地移动所述壳体内。所述固定块可以从管状体易拆卸更换。可选扭矩扳手包括分支杆，夹层与两个凸耳枢接结构，衣领和至少一销件。

公开（公告）号：GB2514922A

公开（公告）日：2014-12-10

申请号：GB1408373

申请日：2014-05-12

申请人：KABO TOOL CO





173、HYBRID AUGMENTED REALITY MULTIMODAL OPERATION NEURAL INTEGRATION ENVIRONMENT

标题（翻译）：混合增强现实多模态操作神经集成环境

摘要：A method of controlling a device relative to one or more objects in an environment of a user employing the device may include receiving a volitional input from the user indicative of a task to be performed relative to an object with the device,  receiving object targeting information associated with interaction between the device and the object where the object targeting information is presented in an augmented reality context,  integrating the volitional input with the object targeting information to determine a control command to direct the device to interact with the object,  and providing the control command to the device.

摘要（翻译）：一种在使用设备的用户的环境中相对于一个或多个对象控制设备的方法，可以包括 : 从用户接收指示要相对于与设备的对象执行的任务的意志输入；接收与设备和对象之间的交互相关联的对象瞄准信息，其中对象瞄准信息在增强现实上下文中呈现；将意志输入与对象瞄准信息集成以确定控制命令以指示设备与对象交互；以及将控制命令提供给设备。

公开（公告）号：US20140336781A1

公开（公告）日：2014-11-13

申请号：US14275029

申请日：2014-05-12

申请人：The Johns Hopkins University

当前法律状态：暂缺





174、CLASSIFYING EEG SIGNALS IN RESPONSE TO VISUAL STIMULUS

标题（翻译）：响应于视觉刺激的EEG信号分类

摘要：Systems and method for classifying EEG signals of a human subject generated responsive to a series of images containing target images and non-target images. The EEG signals are in a spatio-temporal representation. The time points are classified independently,  using a linear discriminant classifier,  to compute spatio-temporal discriminating weights that are used to amplify the spatio-temporal representation,  to create a spatially-weighted representation. Principal Component Analysis is used on a temporal domain for dimensionality reduction,  separately for each spatial channel of the signals,  to create a projection,  which is applied to the spatially-weighted representation onto a first plurality of principal components,  to create a temporally approximated spatially weighted representation. The temporally approximated spatially weighted representation is classified over the channels,  using said linear discriminant classifier,  to yield a binary decisions series indicative of each image of the images series as either belonging to said target image or to said non-target image.

摘要（翻译）：用于对响应于包含目标图像和非目标图像的一系列图像而生成的人类对象的EEG信号进行分类的系统和方法。 EEG信号是一种时空表示。 使用线性判别分类器独立地对时间点进行分类，以计算用于放大时空表示的时空判别权重，以创建空间加权表示。 在时间域上使用主分量分析，用于对信号的每个空间信道分别进行降维，以创建投影，该投影应用于第一多个主分量上的空间加权表示，以创建时间上近似的空间加权表示。 使用所述线性判别分类器在信道上对时间近似的空间加权表示进行分类，以产生二进制判决序列，该二进制判决序列指示图像序列中的每个图像属于所述目标图像或属于所述非目标图像。

公开（公告）号：US20160051163A1

公开（公告）日：2016-02-25

申请号：US14784314

申请日：2014-04-13

申请人：B G NEGEV TECHNOLOGIES AND APPLICATIONS LTD AT BEN GURION UNIVERSITY; YISSUM RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT COMPANY OF THE HEBREW UNIVERSITY OF JERUSALEM LTD

当前法律状态：暂缺





175、CLASSIFYING EEG SIGNALS IN RESPONSE TO VISUAL STIMULUS

标题（翻译）：响应中的EEG信号进行分类，以视觉刺激

摘要：Systems and method for conduction of single trial classification of EEG signals of a human subject generated responsive to a series of images containing target images and non-target images,  the method comprising :  obtaining said EEG signals in a spatio-temporal representation comprising time points and respective spatial distribution of said EEG signals;  classifying said time points independently,  using a linear discriminant classifier,  to compute spatio-temporal discriminating weights;  using said spatio-temporal discriminating weights to amplify said spatio-temporal representation by said spatio-temporal discriminating weights at tempo-spatial points respectively,  to create a spatially-weighted representation;  using Principal Component Analysis (PCA) on a temporal domain for dimensionality reduction,  separately for each spatial channel of said EEG signals,  to create a PCA projection;  applying said PCA projection to said spatially-weighted representation onto a first plurality of principal components,  to create a temporally approximated spatially weighted representation containing for each spatial channel,  PCA coefficients for said plurality of principal temporal projections;  and classifying said temporally approximated spatially weighted representation,  over said number of channels,  using said linear discriminant classifier,  to yield a binary decisions series indicative of each image of the images series as either belonging to said target image or to said non-target image.

摘要（翻译）：系统和方法用于传导的单试验分类一种产生人受试者的EEG信号的响应，以一种含有目标图像系列的图像和非-目标图像，该方法包括 : 获得所述的空间-时间中的EEG信号表示包括时间点和各自的空间分布的所述的EEG信号，独立地进行分类的所述时间点，使用一种线性判别分类器，以鉴别的配重计算空间-时间，使用所述空间-时间区分的配重，以扩增所述空间-时间表示通过所述鉴别配重在TEMPO空间-时间-空间点分别，以产生一种空间-加权表示，使用主要成分分析(pca)的时间域，用于维度上还原，分别用于每个空间信道的所述的EEG信号，以产生一种PCA投影，将所述PCA投影到所述空间-加权表示在一种第一的多个的主要成分，以产生的时间上接近的空间加权表示含有用于每个空间通道，PCA系数用于所述多个的主要的时间所述时间上接近的凸起，和分类空间加权表示，在所述的通道数，使用所述的线性判别分类器，以收率的二进制决定系列指示的每个图像的该系列作为任一属于所述目标图像的图像或与所述的非-目标图像。

公开（公告）号：WO2014170897A1

公开（公告）日：2014-10-23

申请号：WOIL14050355

申请日：2014-04-13

申请人：YISSUM RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT COMPANY OF THE HEBREW UNIVERSITY OF JERUSALEM LTD

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





176、METHOD OF FABRICATING NANO-SCALE STRUCTURES AND NANO-SCALE STRUCTURES FABRICATED USING THE METHOD

标题（翻译）：制造纳米级结构的方法和使用该方法制造的纳米级结构

摘要：The invention provides a fabrication method of batch producing nano-scale structures,  such as arrays of silicon pillars of high aspect ratio. The invention also relates to providing arrays of high aspect ratio silicon pillars fabricated using the improved fabrication method. The array of silicon pillars is fabricated from arrays of low aspect ratio pyramid-shaped structures. Mask formed from a hard material,  such as a metal mask,  is formed on top of each of the pyramid-shaped structures in a batch process. The pyramid-shaped structures are subsequently etched to remove substrate materials not protected by the hard masks,  so that a high aspect ratio pillar or shaft is formed on the pyramid-shaped low aspect ratio base,  resulting in an array of high aspect ratio silicon pillars.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种批量的生产纳米级结构的制造方法，如硅柱的阵列的高纵横比。本发明还涉及提供制造高纵横比硅柱的阵列使用该改进的制造方法。该阵列的硅柱是由阵列的低纵横比的金字塔形结构。掩模形成从一种硬质材料，如一种金属掩模，是本发明的每个的顶部上形成的金字塔形结构在一种分批方法。所述金字塔形结构随后蚀刻除去基板材料不被保护的通过所述硬掩模; 使高纵横比柱或轴是形成在所述金字塔形的低纵横比基，得到在一个阵列的高纵横比的硅柱。

公开（公告）号：WO2014169383A1

公开（公告）日：2014-10-23

申请号：WOCA14050363

申请日：2014-04-09

申请人：CUI Bo; DEY Ripon Kumar

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





177、信息处理方法及装置

标题（翻译）：Information processing method and device

摘要：本发明公开了一种信息处理方法及装置，属于电子技术领域。所述方法包括：获取操作体发出的第一信息，并解析所述第一信息，将解析的第一信息与预存指令相匹配；当获得至少一个匹配的指令时，启动所述图像采集单元，采集所述操作体的图像信息，并判断所述图像信息是否符合预设条件；若所述图像信息符合预设条件，则执行所述解析的第一信息包括的所述至少一个匹配的指令。本发明通过获取并解析操作体发出的第一信息以及将解析的第一信息与预存指令匹配，并在采集到操作体的图像信息符合预设条件的情况下，执行与解析的第一信息包括的至少一个匹配的指令，确保能够根据操作体发出的第一信息直接处理操作体需要的信息，提高了处理信息的效率。

摘要（翻译）：The invention discloses an information processing method and device and belongs to the technical field of electronics. The information processing method comprises the steps that first information sent by an operation body is obtained,  the first information is analyzed,  and the analyzed first information is matched with pre-stored instructions;  when at least one of the matched instructions is obtained,  an image collecting unit is started,  image information of the operation body is collected,  and whether the image information meets a pre-set condition or not is judged;  if the image information meets the pre-set condition,  and then at least one of the matched instructions included by the analyzed first information is executed. According to the information processing method and device,  through the process that the first information sent by the operation body is obtained and analyzed and the analyzed first information is matched with the pre-stored instructions,  under the condition that the collected image information of the operation body meets the pre-set condition,  at least one of the matched instructions included by the analyzed first information is executed,  it is guaranteed that information needed by the operation body can be directly processed according to the first information sent by the operation body,  and therefore the efficiency for processing information is improved.

公开（公告）号：CN104951048A

公开（公告）日：2015-09-30

申请号：CN201410110892.0

申请日：2014-03-24

申请人：联想(北京)有限公司

当前法律状态：实质审查





178、ELECTROPHYSIOLOGY MEASUREMENT AND TRAINING AND REMOTE DATABASED AND DATA ANALYSIS MEASUREMENT METHOD AND SYTEM

标题（翻译）：一种电生理测量与训练及远程数据库和数据分析测量方法及系统

摘要：A method and system provides for electrophysiological data analysis in a networked processing environment. The method and system includes receiving,  via a networked connection,  electrophysiological data of a patient and electronically performing,  via at least one network processing device,  a data analysis on the electrophysiological data. The method and system includes generating at least one report based on the data analysis,  wherein the at least one report includes determination of one or more intervention options for the patient and therein transmitting the report to a recipient device across the network connection for utilization with the patient. The results of the report direct the user to apply from within the same system non-invasive brain stimulation,  neurofeedback,  and biofeedback modalities. Re-assessment can occur from within the same system following the training or modulation of electrophysiology and thereby generate a comparison report showing functional changes from the provided intervention or combined interventions.

摘要（翻译）：一种在网络化处理环境中提供电生理数据分析的方法和系统。 所述方法和系统包括经由网络连接接收患者的电生理数据，并且经由至少一个网络处理设备对所述电生理数据进行电子地执行数据分析。 所述方法和系统包括基于所述数据分析生成至少一个报告，其中所述至少一个报告包括确定用于所述患者的一个或多个干预选项，并在其中通过所述网络连接将所述报告发送到接收设备以用于与所述患者一起使用。 报告的结果指示用户从同一系统内应用非侵入性脑刺激、神经反馈和生物反馈模式。 在电生理学的训练或调制之后，可以从同一系统内进行重新评估，从而生成比较报告，显示所提供的干预或组合干预的功能变化。

公开（公告）号：US20140288614A1

公开（公告）日：2014-09-25

申请号：US14215431

申请日：2014-03-17

申请人：David W Hagedorn; James W G Thompson





179、DYE FREE LIQUID THERAPEUTIC SOLUTION

标题（翻译）：染料不含液体的治疗溶液

摘要：A liquid composition is provided. The composition includes at least one active pharmaceutical ingredient dissolved in a liquid carrier system. The liquid carrier includes polyethylene glycol and a co-solvent selected from the group consisting of :  propylene glycol,  glycerin,  and a sugar alcohol. The composition is essentially dye free,  present as a single-phase at room temperature,  and optionally contains water.

摘要（翻译）：一种液体组合物是提供的。该组合物包括至少一个活性药物成分溶解在一种液体载体系统。该液体载体包括聚乙二醇和一种共-溶剂选自该组组成的 : 丙二醇，甘油，和一种糖醇。该组合物是基本无染料，存在作为一种单一-相在室温下，和任选地含有水。

公开（公告）号：WO2014149939A1

公开（公告）日：2014-09-25

申请号：WOUS14021590

申请日：2014-03-07

申请人：NOVARTIS CONSUMER HEALTH INC; NOVARTIS HEALTHCARE PRIVATE LIMITED

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





180、Method for Enhancing Reliability of BCI System

标题（翻译）：用于提高BCI系统的可靠性的方法

摘要：An embodiment is a method for increasing the reliability about an output value of a BCI system of a user using a brainwave,  which comprises the following steps :  constituting a predictor which determines whether a BCI system is proper according to whether a brainwave of a user is generated;  constituting a distributor in which intention of the user is stored according to the brainwave of the user to apply the intention to the BCI system;  calculating an output value of the BCI system based on the the brainwave of the user;  measuring the reliability of the output value;  and determining whether to use the output value. Therefore,  the BCI system optimized for the user can de designed and the reliability of the output value from the BCI system can be increased.(D1) Learning step F(C)=y(D2) Using step F(0)=y&prime; (D3) Measure reliability(S1) Organize a predictorCOPYRIGHT KIPO 2015

摘要（翻译）：一种实施例中，用户利用脑BCI系统的输出值上设置关于提高可靠性的方法，BCI以提高通过防止使用者脑部图像质量以确定是否适合系统包括组织预测器，所述BCI应用于系统根据使用者脑部包括多寄存器，用于存储用户的意图尽可能存储器图像分类，根据使用者的脑BCI系统的步骤，以导出输出和，在便携式无线电话所述测量的可靠性便携无线电话机中所述使用包括内容的请求，如果确定。因此，优化的用户BCI系统可以设计，BCI输出值将被来自另一系统对目标化合物。可靠性。

公开（公告）号：KR101553256B1

公开（公告）日：2015-09-09

申请号：KR1020140026480

申请日：2014-03-06

申请人：GWANGJU INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY

当前法律状态：有效





181、一种脑电自适应的音频播放器

标题（翻译）：Brain wave self-adapting audio player

摘要：本实用新型公开了一种脑电自适应的音频播放器，它涉及一种音频播放设备。它包括播放器和脑电信号采集装置，播放器和脑电信号采集装置通过蓝牙通讯连接，所述的播放器包括蓝牙接收器、液晶显示屏、播放控制器、CD驱动器和音箱，播放器的顶端设置有蓝牙接收器，蓝牙接收器的下方依次设置有液晶显示屏、播放控制器和CD驱动器，播放器的两侧设置有音箱。本实用新型通过采集用户的脑电波来判断其当前的情感状态，进而选择当前最适合用户欣赏的音乐，同时也能够自动调节音量达到用户当前最适合接受的程度，所有的调节过程都由系统自动实现和完成，使得整个播放过程对脑电波能够做到自适应，更为有趣。

摘要（翻译）：The utility model discloses a brain wave self-adapting audio player,  and relates to an audio playing device. The brain wave self-adapting audio player comprises a player and a brain wave signal collecting device which are in communication connection through Bluetooth;  and the player comprises a Bluetooth receiver,  a liquid crystal display screen,  a playing controller,  a CD driver and loudspeaker boxes,  the Bluetooth receiver is arranged at the top end of the player,  the liquid crystal display screen,  the playing controller and the CD driver are arranged below the Bluetooth receiver sequentially,  and the loudspeaker boxes are arranged on two sides of the player. According to the brain wave self-adapting audio player,  the current emotional state of a user is judged by collecting brain waves,  further,  a music best for the user to enjoy at present is selected,  and at the same time,  the volume can be automatically adjusted,  so that the volume degree best for the user to receive at present is realized;  and all adjustment processes are automatically realized and finished by a system,  so that self-adaption to the brain waves in the whole playing process can be realized,  and the audio player is more interesting.

公开（公告）号：CN203706669U

公开（公告）日：2014-07-09

申请号：CN201420093703.9

申请日：2014-03-04

申请人：江西科技学院

当前法律状态：权利终止





182、Long-Term Implantable Silicon Carbide Neural Interface Device Using the Electrical Field Effect

标题（翻译）：利用电场效应的长期可植入碳化硅神经界面器件

摘要：Field effect devices,  such as capacitors and field effect transistors,  are used to interact with neurons. Cubic silicon carbide is biocompatible with the neuronal environment and has the chemical and physical resilience required to withstand the body environment and does not produce toxic byproducts. It is used as a basis for generating a biocompatible semiconductor field effect device that interacts with the brain for long periods of time. The device signals capacitively and receives signals using field effect transistors. These signals can be used to drive very complicated systems such as multiple degree of freedom limb prosthetics,  sensory replacements,  and may additionally assist in therapies for diseases like Parkinson' s disease.

摘要（翻译）：场效应器件，如电容器和场效应晶体管，被用来与神经元相互作用。 立方碳化硅与神经元环境具有生物相容性，具有抵御身体环境所需的化学和物理弹性，不会产生有毒的副产品。 它被用作产生与大脑长时间相互作用的生物相容性半导体场效应器件的基础。 该器件使用场效应晶体管电容性地发送信号并接收信号。 这些信号可用于驱动非常复杂的系统，如多自由度假肢、感官置换，还可辅助治疗帕金森病等疾病。

公开（公告）号：US20140194719A1

公开（公告）日：2014-07-10

申请号：US14154863

申请日：2014-01-14

申请人：UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA

当前法律状态：暂缺





183、MULTILAYERED POLYOLEFIN BASED FILMS HAVING INTEGRATED BACKSHEET AND ENCAPSULATION PERFORMANCE COMPRISING A LAYER COMPRISING CRYSTALLINE BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE OR BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE

标题（翻译）：具有一体化背部片材和封装性能的多层聚烯烃基膜包括一层包含结晶嵌段共聚物复合材料或嵌段共聚物复合材料

摘要：A multilayer film structure comprising a top encapsulation layer A a tie Layer B between top Layer A and bottom Layer C and a bottom layer C the multilayer film structure characterized in that tie Layer B comprises a crystalline block composite resin or a block composite resin and bottom Layer C comprises a polyolefin having at least one melting point greater than 125°C.

摘要（翻译）：一种多层膜结构，包括顶部封装层的上，下层之间的连接层B和下圈C层和C层底层的多层膜结构，其特征在于连接层B包括结晶嵌段复合物树脂或嵌段复合物树脂和底层C包括具有至少一个聚烯烃熔化点大于125°C。

公开（公告）号：IN10253CHENP2013A

公开（公告）日：2016-06-24

申请号：IN10253CHENP2013

申请日：2013-12-24

申请人：DOW GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC





184、MULTILAYERED POLYOLEFIN BASED FILMS HAVING A LAYER COMPRISING A CRYSTALLINE BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE OR A BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE RESIN

标题（翻译）：多层聚烯烃基薄膜具有一种层包括一种结晶块共聚物复合或一个块共聚物复合树脂

摘要：Disclosed are multilayer film structures comprising a layer (B) that comprises a crystalline block copolymer composite (CBC) or a specified block copolymer composite (BC) comprising i) an ethylene polymer (EP) comprising at least 80 mol % polymerized ethylene;  ii) an alpha olefin based crystalline polymer (CAOP) and iii) a block copolymer comprising (a) an ethylene polymer block comprising at least 80 mol % polymerized ethylene and (b) a crystalline alpha olefin block (CAOB);  and a layer C that comprises a polyolefin having at least one melting peak greater than 1255C the top facial surface of layer C in adhering contact with the bottom facial surface of layer B. Such multilayer film structure preferably comprises (A) a seal layer A having a bottom facial surface in adhering contact with the top facial surface of layer B. Such films are suited for use in electronic device (ED) modules comprising an electronic device such as a PV cell. Also disclosed is a lamination process to construct a laminated PV module comprising such multilayer film structures.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了一种多层膜结构，其包括 : 层(B)，其包括结晶嵌段共聚物复合材料(CBC)或指定含有 : i)一种乙烯嵌段共聚物复合材料(BC)包含至少80摩尔%聚合的乙烯聚合物(EP)；ii)基于α-烯烃结晶聚合物(CAOP)和iii)包括(a)一种乙烯聚合物嵌段的嵌段共聚物包括 : 至少80摩尔%聚合的乙烯和(b)结晶α-烯烃嵌段(CAOB)；聚烯烃和层C，其包括具有至少一个大于1255℃的熔融峰的顶部面部表面层在与层B的底部面部表面粘结接触的优选这样的多层膜结构包括(A)密封层A，其具有底面部与顶部面部表面粘结接触的表面的层B。这种薄膜适合用于在电子装置(ED)模件包括一电子装置，例如PV电池。还公开了层压工艺施工的层压PV模块包括这样的多层膜结构。

公开（公告）号：IN10188CHENP2013A

公开（公告）日：2014-09-26

申请号：IN10188CHENP2013

申请日：2013-12-20

申请人：DOW GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC





185、METHODS FOR THE PREPARATION OF SUBSTITUTED ACETOPHENONES

标题（翻译）：方法用于制备取代的苯乙酮

摘要：The present application discloses novel methods for the preparation of pyrid-4-yl substituted acetophenones,  in particular 2-{6-[2-(3, 5-dichloro-pyridin-4-yl)-acetyl]-2, 3-dimethoxy-phenoxy}-N-propyl-acetamide. The application also discloses novel stable crystalline forms of 2-{6-[2-(3, 5-dichloro-pyridin-4-yl)-acetyl]-2, 3-dimethoxy-phenoxy}-N-propyl-acetamide.

摘要（翻译）：本发明的应用公开了一种新的pyrid-4-基取代的苯乙酮的制备方法，特别是2-{6-[2-(3，5-二氯-吡啶-基)-乙酰基]-2，3-二甲氧基-苯氧基}-正-丙基-乙酰胺。该申请还公开了新的稳定结晶形式的2-{6-[2-(3，5-二氯-吡啶-基)-乙酰基]-2，3-二甲氧基-苯氧基}-正-丙基-乙酰胺。

公开（公告）号：WO2014096018A1

公开（公告）日：2014-06-26

申请号：WOEP13077114

申请日：2013-12-18

申请人：LEO PHARMA A/S

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





186、Method for estimating PCB radiated emissions

标题（翻译）：估算PCB辐射发射的方法

摘要：A method for estimating PCB radiated emissions includes providing a BCI probe and a vector network analyzer;  performing a calibration step;  performing a measurement step;  and performing an estimation step. A transfer impedance of the BCI probe is measured via a clamping device in the procedure of performing a calibration step. A measurement-input transfer function of an object and an output-input transfer function of the object are measured via the BCI probe in the procedure of performing a measurement step. Eventually,  radiated emissions of the object can be estimated according to the measurement-input transfer function,  the output-input transfer function and the transfer impedance in the procedure of performing an estimation step. The present invention accurately estimates radiated emissions of the object with low cost and high speed.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于估计PCB辐射发射的方法，包括 : 提供BCI探针和矢量网络分析仪； 执行校准步骤； 执行测量步骤； 以及执行估计步骤。 在执行校准步骤的过程中，通过箝位装置测量BCI探针的传输阻抗。 在执行测量步骤的过程中，通过BCI探头测量对象的测量-输入传递函数和对象的输出-输入传递函数。 最终，在执行估计步骤的过程中，可以根据测量-输入传递函数、输出-输入传递函数和传递阻抗来估计对象的辐射发射。 本发明以较低的成本和较高的速度准确地估计目标的辐射发射。

公开（公告）号：US9529027B2

公开（公告）日：2016-12-27

申请号：US14097402

申请日：2013-12-05

申请人：NATIONAL SUN YAT SEN UNIVERSITY

当前法律状态：暂缺





187、METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR DETERMINING PRIVACY POLICY FOR DEVICES BASED ON BRAIN WAVE INFORMATION

标题（翻译）：一种基于脑波信息确定设备隐私策略的方法及装置

摘要：An approach is provided for processing sensor data to determine an identification of at least one object. The approach involves determining brain wave data associated with at least one user during an exposure of the at least one object to at least one user. The approach also involves processing the brain wave information to determine a sensitivity information of the at least one user to the at least one object. The approach further involves causing a configuration of one or more privacy policies of at least one device based,  at least in part,  on the sensitivity information.

摘要（翻译）：提供了一种用于处理传感器数据以确定至少一个对象的标识的方法。 该方法包括在将所述至少一个对象暴露给至少一个用户期间确定与所述至少一个用户相关联的脑波数据。 该方法还涉及处理脑电波信息以确定所述至少一个用户对所述至少一个对象的灵敏度信息。 所述方法还涉及至少部分地基于所述敏感度信息导致至少一个设备的一个或多个隐私策略的配置。

公开（公告）号：US20150156217A1

公开（公告）日：2015-06-04

申请号：US14093217

申请日：2013-11-29

申请人：Nokia Corporation

当前法律状态：暂缺





188、ION IMPLANTER PROVIDED WITH A PLURALITY OF PLASMA SOURCE BODIES

标题（翻译）：具有多个等离子体源体离子注入机

摘要：The invention relates to an ion implanter that comprises an enclosure ENV having arranged therein a substrate carrier PPS connected to a substrate power supply ALT via a high voltage electrical passage PET,  the enclosure ENV being provided with pump means PP,  PS,  the enclosure ENV also having at least two cylindrical source bodies CS1,  CS2 free from any obstacle and arranged facing the substrate carrier. This implanter is remarkable in that it includes at least one confinement coil BCI1-BCS1,  BCI2-BCS2 per source body CS1,  CS2.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种离子注入机，该离子注入机包括外壳ENV，该外壳ENV具有布置在其中的衬底载体PPS，该衬底载体PPS经由高压电通道PET连接到衬底电源ALT，该外壳ENV设置有泵装置PP、PS，该外壳ENV还具有至少两个圆柱形源体CS1、CS2，该至少两个圆柱形源体CS1和CS2没有任何障碍物并且面向衬底载体布置。 该注入器的显著之处在于，它包括每个源体CS1、CS2至少一个限制线圈BCI1-BCS1、BCI2-BCS2。

公开（公告）号：US20150325412A1

公开（公告）日：2015-11-12

申请号：US14647193

申请日：2013-11-25

申请人：ION BEAM SERVICES

当前法律状态：暂缺





189、METHOD FOR INCREASING THE ORAL BIOAVAILABILITY OF A METABOTROPIC GLUTAMATE 2/3 RECEPTOR ANTAGONIST

标题（翻译）：方法用于增加所述的口服生物利用度的一种代谢型谷氨酸2\/3受体拮抗剂

公开（公告）号：WO2014059111A2

公开（公告）日：2014-04-17

申请号：WOUS13064287

申请日：2013-10-10

申请人：BRAINCELLS INC

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





190、NANOSTRUCTURED CARBON MATERIALS FOR ADSORPTION OF METHANE AND OTHER GASES

标题（翻译）：纳米结构的碳材料用于吸附的甲烷和其它气体

摘要：Provided are methods for storing gases on porous adsorbents,  methods for optimizing the storage of gases on porous adsorbents,  methods of making porous adsorbents,  and methods of gas storage of optimized compositions,  as in systems containing porous adsorbents and gas adsorbed on the surface of the porous adsorbent. The disclosed methods and systems feature a constant or increasing isosteric enthalpy of adsorption as a function of uptake of the gas onto the exposed surface of a porous adsorbent. Adsorbents with a porous geometry and surface dimensions suited to a particular adsorbate are exposed to the gas at elevated pressures in the specific regime where n/V (density) is larger than predicted by the ideal gas law by more than several percent.

摘要（翻译）：设置在多孔的吸附剂是用于储存气体的方法，用于优化所存储的气体在多孔的吸附剂的方法，方法制造的多孔吸附剂，和优化的气体储存组合物的方法，含有多孔的吸附剂为在系统和气体所述的表面上吸附的多孔吸附剂。所公开的方法和系统的特征一恒定或增加等体积的焓吸附的作为本发明的气体摄取到该暴露表面的功能的一种多孔的吸附剂。吸附剂与一种多孔的几何形状和表面的尺寸适合于以一种特定的吸附物暴露于所述气体在升高的压力在该特定方案中，其中N\/V(密度)是大于预测通过理想气体定律通过以上的几个百分比。

公开（公告）号：WO2014062470A1

公开（公告）日：2014-04-24

申请号：WOUS13064253

申请日：2013-10-10

申请人：CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY; STADIE Nicholas P; FULTZ Brent T; AHN Channing; MURIALDO Maxwell

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





191、THERAPY FOR LEUKEMIA

标题（翻译）：白血病治疗

摘要：A pharmaceutically acceptable composition and method for leukemia therapy in a patient in need of such therapy. The composition contains,  as the only active agents,  the combination of (a) an inhibitor of c-Fos,  (b) an inhibitor of Dusp-1,  and (c) an inhibitor of BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase. The composition is administered to the patient in a dosing regimen for a period sufficient to provide therapy for leukemia.

摘要（翻译）：一种在需要白血病治疗的患者中用于白血病治疗的药学上可接受的组合物和方法。 该组合物包含作为唯一活性剂的(a)c-fos抑制剂、(b)DUSP-1抑制剂和(c)bcr-abl酪氨酸激酶抑制剂的组合。 该组合物以给药方案给患者施用一段足以提供白血病治疗的时间。

公开（公告）号：US20140031356A1

公开（公告）日：2014-01-30

申请号：US14048806

申请日：2013-10-08

申请人：CHILDREN' S HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER

当前法律状态：暂缺





192、用于感觉和认知剖析的系统和方法

标题（翻译）：Systems and methods for sensory and cognitive profiling

摘要：公开用于产生认知和/或感觉简档的方法、装置和系统。在一个方面中，用于提供被检者的认知或感觉评价的方法包括：从认知性能简档、感觉性能简档、以及认知和感觉性能简档选择简档类别；向被检者呈现一系列的刺激，该一系列的刺激基于所选择的简档类别；在呈现该一系列的刺激之前、之中和之后获取被检者的生理信号，以产生生理数据；和处理生理数据，以产生包含与所选择的简档类别相关的一个或更多个定量值的信息集。

摘要（翻译）：Methods,  devices,  and systems are disclosed for producing cognitive and/or sensory profiles. In one aspect,  a method to provide a cognitive or sensory assessment of a subject includes selecting a profile category from among a cognitive performance profile,  a sensory performance profile,  and a cognitive and sensory performance profile,  presenting a sequence of stimuli to a subject,  the sequence of stimuli based on the selected profile category,  acquiring physiological signals of the subject before,  during,  and after the presenting the sequence of stimuli to produce physiological data,  and processing the physiological data to generate an information set including one or more quantitative values associated with the selected profile category.

公开（公告）号：CN104871160A

公开（公告）日：2015-08-26

申请号：CN201380058185.5

申请日：2013-09-27

申请人：加利福尼亚大学董事会; 索尔克生物研究所

当前法律状态：授权





193、System and method for the recognition of the profiling and perception

标题（翻译）：系统和方法用于识别所述仿形和感知

摘要：Methods,  devices,  and systems are disclosed for producing cognitive and/or sensory profiles. In one aspect,  a method to provide a cognitive or sensory assessment of a subject includes selecting a profile category from among a cognitive performance profile,  a sensory performance profile,  and a cognitive and sensory performance profile,  presenting a sequence of stimuli to a subject,  the sequence of stimuli based on the selected profile category,  acquiring physiological signals of the subject before,  during,  and after the presenting the sequence of stimuli to produce physiological data,  and processing the physiological data to generate an information set including one or more quantitative values associated with the selected profile category.

摘要（翻译）：方法，装置，和系统公开了用于生产认知和/或感觉特性。 在一个方面， 提供一种认知的方法或感官评估受试者包括选取轮廓之间的类别从 认知性能的型材， 感官性能的型材， 和认知和感官性能的型材， 呈现刺激受试者的序列， 刺激序列基于所选择的概况类别， 前的受试者的采集生理信号， 在， 呈现刺激序列后产生生理数据， 和处理生理数据产生信息集包括一个或多个有关的定量值与所选择 型材类。

公开（公告）号：JP2015533559A

公开（公告）日：2015-11-26

申请号：JP2015534783

申请日：2013-09-27

申请人：Salt Lake City University of California Regents Of The Sarre508154841; The Institute for Biological Studies Soruku510126542

当前法律状态：未授权失效





194、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR SENSORY AND COGNITIVE PROFILING

标题（翻译）：用于感觉和认知的系统和方法仿形

摘要：Methods,  devices,  and systems are disclosed for producing cognitive and/or sensory profiles. In one aspect,  a method to provide a cognitive or sensory assessment of a subject includes selecting a profile category from among a cognitive performance profile,  a sensory performance profile,  and a cognitive and sensory performance profile,  presenting a sequence of stimuli to a subject,  the sequence of stimuli based on the selected profile category,  acquiring physiological signals of the subject before,  during,  and after the presenting the sequence of stimuli to produce physiological data,  and processing the physiological data to generate an information set including one or more quantitative values associated with the selected profile category.

摘要（翻译）：识别和/或传感创建一个特征图的方法，装置，和系统公开内容。在一个方面，物体准确地诊断心血管疾病或感觉的方法评估认知性能的型材，感官进行型材，和认知和感测用户在执行选择的类别型材的型材，设有磁极串联的受试者包括 : 呈现，其中，一系列刺激其选定类别的轮廓步骤，一系列之前，所述基座可以中断其，电生理信号的对象准确地诊断心血管疾病的介质在以后的时间从采集和产生电生理数据，和生理过程数据，以产生希望的所选型材的类别相关联的一个或多个定量值生成设置信息包括包括。

公开（公告）号：KR1020150076167A

公开（公告）日：2015-07-06

申请号：KR1020157010313

申请日：2013-09-27

申请人：UNIV CALIFORNIA; SALK INST FOR BIOLOGICAL STUDI

当前法律状态：审中





195、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR SENSORY AND COGNITIVE PROFILING

标题（翻译）：用于感官和认知分析的系统和方法

摘要：Methods,  devices,  and systems are disclosed for producing cognitive and/or sensory profiles. In one aspect,  a method to provide a cognitive or sensory assessment of a subject includes selecting a profile category from among a cognitive performance profile,  a sensory performance profile,  and a cognitive and sensory performance profile,  presenting a sequence of stimuli to a subject,  the sequence of stimuli based on the selected profile category,  acquiring physiological signals of the subject before,  during,  and after the presenting the sequence of stimuli to produce physiological data,  and processing the physiological data to generate an information set including one or more quantitative values associated with the selected profile category.

摘要（翻译）：公开了用于产生认知和/或感觉简档的方法、装置和系统。 在一个方面，提供受试者的认知或感觉评估的方法包括从认知性能简档、感觉性能简档和认知和感觉性能简档中选择简档类别，基于所选简档类别向受试者呈现刺激序列，所述刺激序列，在呈现所述刺激序列之前、期间和之后获取所述受试者的生理信号以产生生理数据，以及处理所述生理数据以生成包括与所选简档类别相关联的一个或多个定量值的信息集。

公开（公告）号：US20150248470A1

公开（公告）日：2015-09-03

申请号：US14431734

申请日：2013-09-27

申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA; THE SALK INSTITUTE FOR BIOLOGICAL STUDIES

当前法律状态：暂缺





196、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR SENSORY AND COGNITIVE PROFILING

标题（翻译）：用于感官系统和方法和认知剖析

摘要：Methods,  devices,  and systems are disclosed for producing cognitive and/or sensory profiles. In one aspect,  a method to provide a cognitive or sensory assessment of a subject includes selecting a profile category from among a cognitive performance profile,  a sensory performance profile,  and a cognitive and sensory performance profile,  presenting a sequence of stimuli to a subject,  the sequence of stimuli based on the selected profile category,  acquiring physiological signals of the subject before,  during,  and after the presenting the sequence of stimuli to produce physiological data,  and processing the physiological data to generate an information set including one or more quantitative values associated with the selected profile category.

摘要（翻译）：的方法，设备，和系统本发明公开了一种用于制造认知和\/或感觉简档。在一个方面，一种方法，以提供一种认知或一主题包括选择一轮廓的感官评估认知性能之间从一类别的轮廓，一种感觉性能的轮廓，以及认知和感官性能分布，呈现刺激以一个主题的一个序列，所述的序列基于所选择的刺激简档的类别，获取该对象的生理信号之前，期间，和所述后呈现所述刺激以产生生理数据的序列，和处理所述生理数据，以产生一个信息组包括一个或多个与所选择的简档相关联的定量值的类别。

公开（公告）号：WO2014052938A1

公开（公告）日：2014-04-03

申请号：WOUS13062491

申请日：2013-09-27

申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA; THE SALK INSTITUTE FOR BIOLOGICAL STUDIES

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





197、Body Mind Machine Interface and Method

标题（翻译）：身心机器接口及方法

摘要：A body mind machine interface has a neural interface grid operably printed or implanted in or on the user,  and a sensor pad for receiving conducted electrical currents from the neural interface grid and generating an electrical signal that is transmitted to an interface computer. The interface computer has a computer processor and a computer memory,  and an interface program operably installed on the computer memory for processing the electrical signal from the sensor pad and determining a direction from the brain.

摘要（翻译）：一种身心机器接口，具有可操作地印刷或植入用户体内或其上的神经接口网格，以及用于从神经接口网格接收传导电流并产生传输到接口计算机的电信号的传感器垫。 接口计算机具有计算机处理器和计算机存储器，以及可操作地安装在计算机存储器上的接口程序，用于处理来自传感器焊盘的电信号并确定来自大脑的方向。

公开（公告）号：US20150022437A1

公开（公告）日：2015-01-22

申请号：US14037006

申请日：2013-09-25

申请人：Ramesh Rangiah





198、AN ELECTROPHYSIOLOGICAL SENSOR DEVICE AND A METHOD OF MANUFACTURING THE SAME

标题（翻译）：一种电生理传感器及其制造装置和方法

摘要：The present invention relates to an electrophysiological sensor device and a method of manufacturing the same. More particularly,  the present device is having protrusions on a substrate being in contact with skin or another part of organic tissue,  in use and act as electrodes to sense and transmit electrical signals captured from the skin or from another part of an organic tissue to a transmitter means for transmitting said signal. The present device devoid of any conductive gel and having application in detecting the electrophysiological condition of a subject and capable of being used in EEG,  ECG,  EMG,  EOG etc.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种电生理传感器及其制造装置和方法。更具体地，本发明装置具有在衬底上的凸起与皮肤接触或有机组织的另一部分中，使用作为感测电极捕获和传输电信号从皮肤上或从另一部件有机组织发送器用于发送所述信号。本装置没有任何导电胶具有对象检测的电生理情况中的应用可用于脑电，心电，肌电，EOG等优点。

公开（公告）号：IN2716DEL2013A

公开（公告）日：2015-03-20

申请号：IN2716DEL2013

申请日：2013-09-16

申请人：DIRECTOR GENERAL DEFENCE RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT ORGANISATION





199、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR COLLECTING,  ANALYZING,  AND SHARING BIO-SIGNAL AND NON-BIO-SIGNAL DATA

标题（翻译）：系统和方法用于收集，分析，共享生物信号和非生物信号数据

摘要：A computer network implemented system for improving the operation of one or more biofeedback computer systems is provided. The system includes an intelligent bio-signal processing system that is operable to :  capture bio-signal data and in addition optionally non-bio-signal data;  and analyze the bio-signal data and non-bio-signal data,  if any,  so as to :  extract one or more features related to at least one individual interacting with the biofeedback computer system;  classify the individual based on the features by establishing one or more brain wave interaction profiles for the individual for improving the interaction of the individual with the one or more biofeedback computer systems,  and initiate the storage of the brain waive interaction profiles to a database;  and access one or more machine learning components or processes for further improving the interaction of the individual with the one or more biofeedback computer systems by updating automatically the brain wave interaction profiles based on detecting one or more defined interactions between the individual and the one or more of the biofeedback computer systems. A number of additional system and computer implemented method features are also provided.

摘要（翻译）：提高了计算机网络实现的系统操作一个或多个生物反馈的计算机系统。该系统包括智能生物信号处理系统，其可操作以 : 捕获生物信号数据，并另外任选的非生物信号数据；分析生物信号数据和非生物信号数据，如果有的话，以 : 提取一个或多个特征相关的至少一个单独的交互与生物反馈计算机系统；个体基于分类的特征上，通过建立一个或多个个体的脑波的交互简档提高个体的相互作用与一个或多个生物反馈的计算机系统，和引发脑免除存储交互型材连接到数据库中；和访问一个或多个机器学习组件或过程用于进一步提高个体的交互与一个或多个生物反馈的计算机系统通过自动更新的脑波交互基于检测一个或多个定义个体之间的交互和一个或多个生物反馈的计算机系统。多个附加的系统和计算机实现的方法，其特征在于还设置。

公开（公告）号：US20150199010A1

公开（公告）日：2015-07-16

申请号：US14115781

申请日：2013-09-16

申请人：INTERAXON INC

当前法律状态：暂缺





200、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR COLLECTING,  ANALYZING,  AND SHARING BIO-SIGNAL AND NON-BIO-SIGNAL DATA

标题（翻译）：系统和方法用于收集，分析，和共享生物信号和非生物信号数据

摘要：A computer network implemented system for improving the operation of one or more biofeedback computer systems is provided. The system includes an intelligent bio-signal processing system that is operable to :  capture bio-sigrial data and in addition optionally non-bio-signal data;  and analyze the bio-signal data and non-bio-signal data,  if any,  so as to :  extract one or more features related to at least one individual interacting with the biofeedback computer system;  classify the individual based on the features by establishing one or more brain wave interaction profiles for the individual for improving the interaction of the individual with the one or more biofeedback computer systems,  and initiate the storage of the brain waive interaction profiles to a database;  and access one or more machine learning components or processes for further improving the interaction of the individual with the one or more biofeedback computer systems by updating automatically the brain wave interaction profiles based on detecting one or more defined interactions between the individual and the one or more of the biofeedback computer systems. A number of additional system and computer implemented method features are also provided.

摘要（翻译）：一计算机的网络实现的一个或多个生物反馈系统用于提高所述的操作计算机的系统被提供。该系统包括一个智能的生物-信号处理系统，其是可操作为 : 捕获生物sigrial数据和另外可选的非生物信号数据，并分析所述生物信号数据和非生物信号数据，如果有的话，以 : 提取一个或多个相关的特征，与所述的生物反馈到至少一个单独的交互计算机的系统，该单独的分类基于所述通过建立一个或多个脑波的相互作用特征简档，用于所述单独的用于提高所述的交互所述单个与所述一个或多个生物反馈计算机的系统，并启动所述存储的所述脑waive交互简档到数据库，和访问一个或多个机器学习部件的所述单独的或用于进一步提高所述的交互过程与所述一个或多个计算机的生物反馈系统通过自动更新所述脑波的相互作用简档中的基于检测一个或多个已定义的所述个体之间的相互作用和所述一个或多个所述的生物反馈计算机的系统。一种数量的附加系统和计算机实现方法的特征是还提供。

公开（公告）号：WO2014040175A1

公开（公告）日：2014-03-20

申请号：WOCA13000785

申请日：2013-09-16

申请人：INTERAXON INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





201、METHOD AND COMPOSITIONS FOR REMOVING ACID-LABILE PROTECTING GROUPS

标题（翻译）：方法和组合物用于除去酸不稳定保护基团

摘要：A method for removing acid-labile protecting groups from a protected compound that has one or more acid-labile protecting groups,  said method comprising :  a. dissolving or dispersing the protected compound,  or immersing a solid support to which the protected compound is attached,  in a mixture comprising i) a fluoro alcohol,  ii) an acid and,  optionally,  iii) an organic solvent and/or a scavenger;  and b. maintaining the resulting solution or dispersion,  or keeping the solid support immersed,  for a period of time sufficient to ensure the removal of one or more acid-labile protecting groups from said protected compound,  thereby producing a deprotected or partially protected compound. The protected compound may be,  for example,  a peptide. There is also provided a composition for use in such a method,  said composition comprising i) a fluoro alcohol;  ii) an acid and,  optionally,  iii) an organic solvent and/or a scavenger.

摘要（翻译）：一种方法用于除去酸不稳定保护基团从被保护的化合物是具有一个或多个酸不稳定保护基团，所述方法包括 : 一种。被保护的化合物溶解或分散，或浸渍一种固体载体，以其所保护的化合物是连接的，在一种混合物，包括i)一种氟代醇，ii)一种酸和，任选地，III)的有机溶剂和\/或一种清除剂; 和B。保持所得到的溶液或分散体，或保持该固体载体浸没，用于一个周期的时间足以保证所去除的一个或多个酸不稳定保护基团从所述被保护的化合物，从而生产一种去保护或部分被保护的化合物。该保护的化合物可以，例如，一种肽。还提供了一种组合物用于使用这种方法中，所述组合物包括i)一种氟代醇; II)的酸和，任选地，III)的有机溶剂和\/或一种清除剂。

公开（公告）号：WO2014033466A1

公开（公告）日：2014-03-06

申请号：WOGB13052280

申请日：2013-08-30

申请人：STETSENKO Dmitry; PALLADINO Pasquale

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





202、METHOD,  SYSTEM,  AND APPARATUS FOR TREATING A COMMUNICATION DISORDER

标题（翻译）：用于治疗通信障碍的方法、系统和装置

摘要：A system,  method,  and apparatus for treating a communication disorder includes a user input assembly,  a central processing unit configured to analyze data entered into the input assembly,  and a user output assembly configured to generate a report reflecting the analysis of the data.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于治疗通信障碍的系统、方法和设备，包括用户输入组件、被配置为分析输入到输入组件中的数据的中央处理单元、以及被配置为生成反映数据分析的报告的用户输出组件。

公开（公告）号：US20160117940A1

公开（公告）日：2016-04-28

申请号：US14427991

申请日：2013-08-29

申请人：LINGRAPHICARE AMERICA INCORPORATED





203、METHOD,  SYSTEM,  AND APPARATUS FOR TREATING A COMMUNICATION DISORDER

标题（翻译）：所述的方法，系统，和用于处理一个通信装置紊乱

摘要：A system,  method,  and apparatus for treating a communication disorder includes a user input assembly,  a central processing unit configured to analyze data entered into the input assembly,  and a user output assembly configured to generate a report reflecting the analysis of the data.

摘要（翻译）：一个系统，方法，和用于处理一个通信障碍的装置包括一用户输入组件，一中央处理单元配置分析数据输入到该输入组件，和一个用户输出组件配置成产生一个报告反射所述所述数据的分析。

公开（公告）号：WO2014042878A1

公开（公告）日：2014-03-20

申请号：WOUS13057178

申请日：2013-08-29

申请人：LINGRAPHICARE AMERICA INCORPORATED

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





204、User equipment and method for matching interference channel codeword in inter-cell multi-aerial coordinated system

标题（翻译）：小区间多天线协调系统中干扰信道码字匹配的用户设备及方法

摘要：The embodiment of the present document provides a method for matching an interference channel codeword in an inter-cell multi-antenna coordinated system,  including :  a user equipment obtaining a signal to interference plus noise ratio (SINR),  or obtaining a SINR and a signal to noise ratio (SNR),  and comparing the SINR,  or the SINR and the SNR,  with a preset threshold,  generating coordinated multi-point transmission/reception (COMP) policy information according to a comparison result,  and transmitting the COMP policy information to the base station. The present document further provides a user equipment.

摘要（翻译）：本发明实施例提供了一种小区间多天线协调系统中干扰信道码字匹配的方法，包括 : 用户设备获取信干噪比(SINR)，或者获取SINR和信噪比(SNR)，并将所述SINR或者所述SINR和所述SNR与预设阈值进行比较，根据比较结果生成协调多点收发(COMP)策略信息，并将所述COMP策略信息发送给基站。 本文件还提供了一种用户设备。

公开（公告）号：US9686799B2

公开（公告）日：2017-06-20

申请号：US14411992

申请日：2013-08-09

申请人：ZTE CORPORATION

当前法律状态：暂缺





205、一种采用微流控芯片构建三维神经网络的装置及其制备和使用方法

标题（翻译）：Apparatus for constructing three-dimensional neural network by adopting microfluidic chip,  preparation method and use method thereof

摘要：本发明公开了一种采用微流控芯片构建三维神经网络的装置及其制备和使用方法。所述装置包括微流控芯片、用于黏附神经细胞的微球和基底，其中所述微流控芯片包括一层或多层PDMS弹性层并具有通孔，所述PDMS弹性层具有供神经细胞突起延伸的微流管道，所述通孔与基底形成用于容纳微球的小室。本发明的装置制备简单，使用其形成的神经网络具有多级结构、高度有序且相互连通的特征，较现有方法更接近体内真实情况，且细胞观察方便。

摘要（翻译）：The present invention discloses an apparatus for constructing a three-dimensional neural network by adopting a microfluidic chip,  a preparation method and a use method thereof. The apparatus comprises a microfluidic chip,  microspheres for adhering neural cells and a substrate,  wherein the microfluidic chip comprises one or a plurality of PDMS elastic layers and is provided with a through hole,  the PDMS elastic layer is provided with a microfluidic pipeline for extending of the neural cell projection,  and the through hole and the substrate form a small chamber for receiving the microspheres. According to the present invention,  the preparation of the apparatus is simple,  the neural network formed by adopting the apparatus has characteristics of multistage structure,  highly ordered property and interconnected property,  the real situation close to the body is achieved through the method of the present invention compared with the conventional method,  and the cell observation is convenient.

公开（公告）号：CN104342369A

公开（公告）日：2015-02-11

申请号：CN201310317246.7

申请日：2013-07-25

申请人：国家纳米科学中心

当前法律状态：授权





206、APPARATUS FOR CONSTRUCTING THREE-DIMENSIONAL NEURAL NETWORK BY USING MICRO-FLUIDIC CHIP AND METHODS FOR PREPARING AND USING SAME

标题（翻译）：一种采用微流控芯片构建三维神经网络的装置及其制备和使用方法

摘要：An apparatus for constructing a three-dimensional neural network by using a micro-fluidic chip and methods for preparing and using same. The apparatus comprises a micro-fluidic chip,  microspheres for adhering nerve cells,  and a substrate. The micro-fluidic chip comprises one or more PDMS elastic layers and has through holes. The PDMS elastic layers have micro-fluidic pipelines for nerve cell processes to extend,  and the through holes and the substrate form small rooms for accommodating the microspheres.

摘要（翻译）：一种采用微流控芯片构建三维神经网络的装置及其制备和使用方法。所述装置包括微流控芯片、用于黏附神经细胞的微球和基底，其中所述微流控芯片包括一层或多层PDMS弹性层并具有通孔，所述PDMS弹性层具有供神经细胞突起延伸的微流管道，所述通孔与基底形成用于容纳微球的小室。

公开（公告）号：WO2015010305A1

公开（公告）日：2015-01-29

申请号：WOCN13080131

申请日：2013-07-25

申请人：NATIONAL CENTER FOR NANOSCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY CHINA

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





207、METHOD OF FEEDING BACK MU CQI IN A COMMUNICATION SYSTEM TRANSMISSION POINT DEVICE AND USER EQUIPMENT

标题（翻译）：反馈的方法μ一种通信系统中的CQI发送点装置和用户设备

摘要：There are provided a method user equipment and transmission point device for feeding back channel quality indicator (MU CQI) to the transmission point in a communication system including the transmissin point and a plurality of user equipments the method comprising steps :  the transmission point sending a message to an intended user equipment of the plurality of user equipments;  and the intended user equipment calculating the MU CQI based on the message and feeding back the MU CQI to the transmission point. The present disclosure enables dynamic MU operation and improves link adaptation performance with marginal downlink overhead. And the accuracy is not limited by codebook size.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供的方法，用户设备及传输点装置的CQI反馈信道质量指示符(μ)所述通信系统包括传输点传输点和多个用户设备的方法，包括 : 步骤 : 所述传输点发送消息到预期的用户设备的多个用户设备；和基于MU CQI计算用户设备的消息并向MU CQI反馈所述传输点。本发明，能够实现动态很少的下行链路多用户(MU)操作，提高了链路自适应的性能开销。不受码本的大小和精度。

公开（公告）号：IN1350MUMNP2013A

公开（公告）日：2014-08-01

申请号：IN1350MUMNP2013

申请日：2013-07-10

申请人：PANASONIC INTELLECTUAL PROPERTYCORPORATION OF AMERICA





208、METHOD OF MANUFACTURING COMPOSITE BODIES OF SYSTEM CONFIGURATION STRUCTURE CELL AND COMPONENT MATERIAL

标题（翻译）：制造方法系统配置结构的复合体的细胞和组分材料

摘要：PROBLEM TO BE SOLVED :  To provide an innovative invention of technology for solving problems associated with human life such as energy problems,  population problems,  food problems,  global warming,  and the growth of the ozone hole.SOLUTION :  There are manufactured various devices which are system configuration structure cell power generation devices that lead people to peaceful symbiosis and interdependency,  and accelerates area integration in a self-sufficient type C60 fullerene C60 earth federal symbiosis urban group by global sharing of electric power information,  population control,  increased food production,  upgrading of urban functions,  electric power generation in on-sea and underground experimental urban by wave power,  wind power,  solar light,  solar heat,  geothermal energy,  and gas,  controls electric power generation,  finance,  physical distribution,  zero-age education,  hospitals,  etc.,  and performs management and supervision with life principle democracy suppressing crimes,  wars,  and regional conflicts.COPYRIGHT :  (C)2015, JPO&INPIT

摘要（翻译）：要解决的问题 :  提供一种创新的本发明的人体生命的解决技术相关的问题，如能量的问题， 群体的问题， 食品问题， 全球变暖， 和臭氧的生长孔。溶液 :  有制作各种装置，系统配置结构电池发电装置使人们安共生 和，相互依赖性 和加速区域集成在自给式c60富勒烯C60接地联邦共生城市组全局共享 电力信息， 种群控制， 增加了粮食产量， 城市功能的升级， 发电在海上和水下实验中城市的海浪发电， 风力， 太阳能光， 太阳能热， 地热能量， 和气体， 控制发电， 金融， 物理分布， 零，中期教育， 医院等，进行管理和监督与寿命原则的民主抑制犯罪，战争，和区域的冲突。版权 : (C)2015，补正

公开（公告）号：JP2015006650A

公开（公告）日：2015-01-15

申请号：JP2013133448

申请日：2013-06-26

申请人：SUCHI KOICHI

当前法律状态：未授权失效





209、ASSEMBLING METHOD,  MONITORING METHOD,  COMMUNICATION METHOD,  AUGMENTED REALITY SYSTEM AND COMPUTER PROGRAM PRODUCT

标题（翻译）：组装方法、监控方法、通信方法、增强现实系统及计算机程序产品

摘要：An augmented reality system,  an assembling method for assembling a first set-up component to a second set-up component under the assistance of an augmented reality system,  a method for monitoring a set-up component and a method for transmitting data from or to a set-up component are provided. The augmented realty system may capture a variable marker associated with the respective set-up component. The augmented reality system can recognize the location and/or status of the variable marker and thus decide whether the connection between the first and second set-up component is established correctly or not. Further,  data can be transmitted by the variable marker monitored by the augmented reality system.

摘要（翻译）：提供了一种增强现实系统、用于在增强现实系统的帮助下将第一设置组件组装到第二设置组件的组装方法、用于监视设置组件的方法以及用于从设置组件或向设置组件发送数据的方法。 增强的不动产系统可以捕获与相应设置组件相关联的可变标记。 增强现实系统可以识别可变标记的位置和/或状态，从而确定第一和第二设置组件之间的连接是否正确地建立。 此外，可以通过由增强现实系统监视的可变标记发送数据。

公开（公告）号：US20130278635A1

公开（公告）日：2013-10-24

申请号：US13920333

申请日：2013-06-18

申请人：Sartorius Stedim Biotech GmbH

当前法律状态：有效





210、APPARATUS AND METHOD FOR BRAIN-BRAIN INTERFACING

标题（翻译）：脑健脑的设备和方法的接口

摘要：Brain-brain interface processing in,  cognitive intended and a mobile station to measure the signal brain of the subject,  based on signal brain cognitive intended infer on an end of the associative of the object mark to be detected,  predetermined plurality of brain neural and neural part corresponding in shape to a matched reference shape during inferring a reference shape to detect the,  brain neural and neural part matched ultrasonic stimulating parameters detected fiducials is a combination of a shape is matched to the corresponding brain neural function stimulating the probe optimal control to detect the combination of parameters,  detecting ultrasonic stimulating parameters based on a combination of ultrasonic irradiation of the subject organ by including neural site non-invasive focused ultrasound ([...]) the irradiated with (focused ultrasound).  The,  intended of the subject recognition intended neural brain (intention) according to information (or cognitive),  non-invasive ultrasonic performing a highly-accurate a generic and space another via stimulating neural brain in a subject (or cognitive) can be control a function of the.

摘要（翻译）：脑-脑中处理，认知预期的和移动站测量信号的对象的脑，基于信号的脑认知用于推断关联的一端上的待检测对象标记，预定的多个对应的大脑神经和神经部在形状上与之配套的基准期间的形状推断参考形状检测，大脑神经和神经部相匹配的超声波刺激参数的探测的基准点相匹配的形状的组合对应的大脑神经功能刺激探头的优化控制检测参数的组合，检测基于超声波激发参数的组合超声波照射所述对象的器官包括神经现场非侵入性聚焦超声(℃)的照射(聚焦超声)。所述，用于对象识别的预期神经大脑(意向)根据信息(或认知)，非侵入式超声波进行高精度的通用和空间通过刺激神经大脑受试者中(或认知)可以控制的功能。

公开（公告）号：KR101470588B1

公开（公告）日：2014-12-02

申请号：KR1020130059043

申请日：2013-05-24

申请人：KOREA UNIVERSITY RESEARCH AND BUSINESS FOUNDATION

当前法律状态：有效





211、The system which supports a authentication process of a user who using a non-facing service

标题（翻译）：所述的系统，其支持一种认证过程的一个使用一种非面向服务的用户

摘要：The present invention relates to a system which supports the authentication process of a user who uses a non-facing service (NFS). According to the embodiment of the present invention,  the system which supports the authentication process of a user who uses a non-facing service (NFS) includes a BCS acquisition module acquiring a base clue information for certificating a person (BCI);  and an NFS user process module for certificating a person. [Reference numerals] (1) NFS providing system;  (10) Wire/wireless online network;  (101) Authentication support control module;  (102) Interface module;  (103) Operation information storage module;  (104) Credit information storage module;  (105) BCI acquisition module;  (106) Authentication required space selection module;  (107) Media unique number obtaining module for authentication;  (108) NFS user authentication process module;  (113) External attribution an authentication key process module;  (2) NFS user information process device;  (3) FTM issuing operation server

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及非面向服务(NFS : 非面对用于身份认证的用户服务)涉及支撑系统; 在本发明所述连接到有线\/无线在线网络NFS信息的处理装置的用户，例如提供系统NFS所述管道中的通信，，，提供了设置组织的例如，所述，用于执行所述基本数量的NFS其过程是认证的人由于该弹性分布在其原始形状，因此，用户区分NFS\/分割和平滑分布(即，通信环境\/移动通信预订是否作为自由平滑地分布)，同时广告商所述施加一个期望的，由其无关紧要的，即使当以通过隐形，最佳FTM的安全性，使得可以保持只成为被完成的，NFS提供系统，该银行交易在用户NFS局限于，Web装置的问题，私人财务信息根据用于绘制各种问题，以通过隐形银; 根据问题是namesake与一个分段的不可用性，服务构件对象具有使能授权的用户比限制的同时，剥离容易地考虑了该码与一金属线，一系列的NFS被工人可以是油膏可以被一个导向使得所述的装饰。

公开（公告）号：KR101354887B1

公开（公告）日：2014-01-16

申请号：KR1020130056675

申请日：2013-05-20

申请人：NICE INFORMATION SERVICE CO LTD

当前法律状态：有效





212、METHOD FOR ASSESSING THE TREATMENT OF ATTENTION-DEFICIT/HYPERACTIVITY DISORDER

标题（翻译）：注意力缺陷/多动障碍治疗的评估方法

摘要：According to one aspect,  there is provided a method for assessing the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in a subject,  the method comprising :  obtaining electroencephalographic (EEG) data relating to a plurality of subjects diagnosed with ADHD;  extracting,  for each of the plurality of subjects,  at least one feature from the EEG data relating to that subject;  formulating a prediction model by performing regression analysis to map the extracted features against one or more markers for each of the plurality of subjects;  and determining that the prediction model provides an ADHD assessment if one or more of the markers are indicators of a clinical measure of interest.

摘要（翻译）：根据一个方面，提供了一种用于评估受试者中注意力缺陷/多动障碍(ADHD)的治疗的方法，该方法包括 : 获得与诊断为ADHD的多个受试者相关的脑电图(EEG)数据； 针对所述多个对象中的每一个，从所述EEG数据中提取与所述对象相关的至少一个特征； 通过执行回归分析以将所提取的特征映射到所述多个对象中的每一个的一个或多个标记来制定预测模型； 以及如果一个或多个标记是感兴趣的临床测量的指示器，则确定所述预测模型提供ADHD评估。

公开（公告）号：US20150073294A1

公开（公告）日：2015-03-12

申请号：US14389751

申请日：2013-03-28

申请人：AGENCY FOR SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH; NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF SINGAPORE; INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH

当前法律状态：暂缺





213、METHOD FOR ASSESSING THE TREATMENT OF ATTENTION-DEFICIT/HYPERACTIVITY DISORDER

标题（翻译）：用于评估方法所治疗的注意力缺陷\/多动症

摘要：According to one aspect,  there is provided a method for assessing the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in a subject,  the method comprising :  obtaining electroencephalographic (EEG) data relating to a plurality of subjects diagnosed with ADHD;  extracting,  for each of the plurality of subjects,  at least one feature from the EEG data relating to that subject;  formulating a prediction model by performing regression analysis to map the extracted features against one or more markers for each of the plurality of subjects;  and determining that the prediction model provides an ADHD assessment if one or more of the markers are indicators of a clinical measure of interest.

摘要（翻译）：根据一个方面，有是提供一种方法用于评价所治疗的注意力缺陷\/多动症(ADHD)在一种对象，该方法包括 : 获得脑电图(eeg)涉及一种多个诊断对象的数据与ADHD，提取，用于每个所述多个对象的，至少一个从所述的EEG的特征数据涉及的对象，配制一种预测。通过进行回归模型分析对所提取的特征图对一个或多个标记用于每个的所述多个对象的，和确定的所述预测模型提供了一种ADHD评估如果一个或多个该标记的是指示器的一种感兴趣的临床测定。

公开（公告）号：WO2013147707A1

公开（公告）日：2013-10-03

申请号：WOSG13000122

申请日：2013-03-28

申请人：AGENCY FOR SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH; NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF SINGAPORE; INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





214、Wireless Implantable Data Communication System,  Method and Sensing Device

标题（翻译）：无线可植入数据通信系统、方法及传感装置

摘要：Disclosed herein is a wireless implantable communication system,  method and sensing device,  wherein an implantable data conversion module is adapted for operative coupling to a distinct or integrated implantable sensing device for the conversion of a characteristic signal for transmission thereof to an external receiver,  e.g. by way of an inductive element. Upon positioning an external inductive element in the vicinity of the implanted device,  a corresponding signal is induced within the external element allowing for reconstruction of the converted signal,  and thereby allowing for recovery of the characteristic signal. Embodiments for the communication of data across a biological barrier,  including communications from an external transmitter to an implanted receiver,  an implanted transmitter to an external receiver,  and an implanted transmitter/receiver pair are also disclosed.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了一种无线可植入通信系统、方法和感测装置，其中可植入数据转换模块适于可操作地耦合到不同的或集成的可植入感测装置，用于转换特征信号以例如通过电感元件传输到外部接收器。 在将外部感应元件定位在植入装置附近时，在外部元件内感应出相应的信号，从而允许重构转换后的信号，并由此允许特征信号的恢复。 还公开了用于跨越生物屏障的数据通信的实施例，包括从外部发射机到植入的接收机的通信、从植入的发射机到外部接收机的通信、以及植入的发射机/接收机对的通信。

公开（公告）号：US20150065831A1

公开（公告）日：2015-03-05

申请号：US14390160

申请日：2013-03-15

申请人：Myndtec Inc

当前法律状态：暂缺





215、WIRELESS IMPLANTABLE DATA COMMUNICATION SYSTEM,  METHOD AND SENSING DEVICE

标题（翻译）：无线可植入的数据的通信系统，方法和传感装置。

摘要：Disclosed herein is a wireless implantable communication system,  method and sensing device,  wherein an implantable data conversion module is adapted for operative coupling to a distinct or integrated implantable sensing device for the conversion of a characteristic signal for transmission thereof to an external receiver,  e.g. by way of an inductive element. Upon positioning an external inductive element in the vicinity of the implanted device,  a corresponding signal is induced within the external element allowing for reconstruction of the converted signal,  and thereby allowing for recovery of the characteristic signal. Embodiments for the communication of data across a biological barrier,  including communications from an external transmitter to an implanted receiver,  an implanted transmitter to an external receiver,  and an implanted transmitter/receiver pair are also disclosed.

摘要（翻译）：这里公开的是一种无线可植入的通信系统，方法和传感装置，其中一种可植入的数据转换模块是适于用于操作地耦合到一个不同的或集成的可植入的传感装置，用于该转化的一种特征信号用于传输及其与一个外部接收器，例如通过方式的电感元件。在定位的外电感元件在所述该植入装置的附近，一种相应的信号是诱导在该外部元件允许用于重建的该转换信号，和从而允许用于恢复该特征的信号。实施方案中用于该通信的数据跨过一种生物屏障，包括从一个外部发送器通信，以一种植入接收器，一种植入发射器与一个外部接收器，和一种植入发射器\/接收器对是还公开了。

公开（公告）号：WO2013149317A1

公开（公告）日：2013-10-10

申请号：WOCA13000222

申请日：2013-03-15

申请人：MYNDTEC INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





216、Method for removing seed layer in manufacturing printed circuit board and printed circuit board manufactured by using the same

标题（翻译）：印刷电路板制造中去除籽晶层的方法及使用该方法制造的印刷电路板

摘要：Disclosed herein is a method for removing a seed layer in manufacturing a printed circuit board,  the method including :  forming a photo resist layer on a printed circuit board having a seed layer formed on a surface thereof;  removing the photo resist layer according to a predetermined pattern;  forming a plating layer for a circuit on the predetermined pattern from which the photo resist layer is removed;  exposing the seed layer by removing the photo resist layer around the plating layer;  forming a corrosion layer on surfaces of the seed layer and the plating layer by performing a chemical reaction of the substrate from which the seed layer is exposed in a reactor in which a predetermined gas is filled;  and removing the seed layer by irradiating a laser on the corrosion layer to remove the corrosion layer.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了一种在印刷电路板制造中去除籽晶层的方法，该方法包括 : 在印刷电路板上形成光致抗蚀剂层，所述光致抗蚀剂层具有形成在其表面上的籽晶层； 根据预定图案去除所述光刻胶层； 在移除所述光刻胶层的所述预定图案上形成用于电路的电镀层； 通过移除电镀层周围的光致抗蚀剂层来暴露籽晶层； 通过在其中填充预定气体的反应器中进行暴露种子层的衬底的化学反应，在种子层和电镀层的表面上形成腐蚀层； 以及通过在腐蚀层上照射激光来移除籽晶层以移除腐蚀层。

公开（公告）号：US8957319B2

公开（公告）日：2015-02-17

申请号：US13826857

申请日：2013-03-14

申请人：Samsung Electro Mechanics Co Ltd

当前法律状态：有效





217、PLASMA-CHLORINATED ELECTRODE AND ORGANIC ELECTRONIC DEVICES USING THE SAME

标题（翻译）：等离子体-氯化电极和有机电子设备使用相同

摘要：A method is disclosed for elevating the work function of conductive layers such as indium tin oxide by chlorine-containing plasma exposure or etching. Also disclosed are electronic devices such as organic light-emitting diodes and organic photovoltaic cells with a chlorine plasma-treated conductive layer as the hole-injecting or hole-accepting electrode. The performance of the devices is enhanced due to an increased work function of the plasma-treated electrode.

摘要（翻译）：一种方法是本发明公开了一种用于升降所述导电层的功函数，例如铟锡氧化物由含氯等离子体曝光或刻蚀，还公开了一种电子设备例如有机光-发光二极管和有机光伏电池与一氯等离子体处理的导电层作为所述孔注入或孔接受电极。所述设备的性能是由于增加的增强的功函数的所述等离子体处理的电极。

公开（公告）号：WO2013138550A1

公开（公告）日：2013-09-19

申请号：WOUS13031156

申请日：2013-03-14

申请人：WEST VIRGINIA UNIVERSITY

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





218、CAPACITOR AND BATTERY COMBINATION

标题（翻译）：电容和电池的组合

摘要：This disclosure provides systems,  methods and apparatus for a combined battery/capacitor energy storage device. The device includes a first device terminal,  a second device terminal,  a battery connected between the first terminal and the second terminal,  and a capacitor connected in parallel with the battery. In one aspect,  a rectifier is connected between the first terminal and the capacitor,  the rectifier configured to allow substantially unidirectional current flow from the first terminal to the capacitor,  in another aspect,  a switch is between the capacitor and the first terminal,  in another aspect,  a current limiter extends between the first terminal and the capacitor. In another aspect,  the device includes a housing that includes an integrated battery housing portion and a capacitor housing portion,  in another aspect,  a bus bar system electrically connects the battery,  the capacitor,  and the terminals.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种系统，方法和装置，用于组合电池\/电容器能量存储装置。该装置包括一个第一装置端子，一个第二装置的终端，一个电池第一端子和第二之间的连接端子，和一个电容连接。平行与所述电池中。在一个方面，一整流器第一之间的连接端子和所述电容器，所述整流器从第一终端配置，以允许基本上单向电流流动到所述电容器，在另一个方面，一种开关被所述电容器和第一之间的终端，在另一个方面，一电流限制器第一之间延伸的终端和所述的电容器，在另一个方面，该装置包括一壳体，其包括一集成的电池壳体部分和一个电容器外壳部分，在另一个方面，一种母线系统电连接所述的电池，所述电容器，和所述端子。

公开（公告）号：WO2013138380A2

公开（公告）日：2013-09-19

申请号：WOUS13030605

申请日：2013-03-12

申请人：MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





219、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR FABRICATION OF SUPERCONDUCTING INTEGRATED CIRCUITS

标题（翻译）：系统和方法用于制造超导集成的电路

摘要：Various techniques and apparatus permit fabrication of superconductive circuits. A niobium/aluminum oxide/niobium trilayer may be formed and individual Josephson Junctions (JJs) formed. A protective cap may protect a JJ during fabrication. A hybrid dielectric may be formed. A superconductive integrated circuit may be formed using a subtractive patterning and/or additive patterning. A superconducting metal layer may be deposited by electroplating and/or polished by chemical-mechanical planarization. The thickness of an inner layer dielectric may be controlled by a deposition process. A substrate may include a base of silicon and top layer including aluminum oxide. Depositing of superconducting metal layer may be stopped or paused to allow cooling before completion. Multiple layers may be aligned by patterning an alignment marker in a superconducting metal layer.

摘要（翻译）：各种技术和设备允许制造的超导电路。一氧化铌\/铝\/三层可以形成和单独的约瑟夫森结的铌(jjs)形成。一种制造期间保护帽可保护jj。一种混合介质可以被形成。一种超导集成使用一个减法电路可以被形成图案化和\/或添加剂图案化。一种超导金属层可以通过电镀沉积和\/或抛光通过化学-机械平面化。所述厚度的一内层介电材料可以是由一沉积过程控制。一衬底可以包括一氧化硅和顶部的层包括铝基。超导金属层的沉积可以被停止或暂停以允许冷却之前完成。多层可以通过图案化的对准标记对准在一个超导金属层。

公开（公告）号：WO2013180780A2

公开（公告）日：2013-12-05

申请号：WOUS13029680

申请日：2013-03-07

申请人：D WAVE SYSTEMS INC

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





220、Method and Apparatus of Enhancing Performance of Downlink Multi-User Multiple-Input-Multiple-Output Transmissions in Wireless Communication System

标题（翻译）：一种提高无线通信系统中下行多用户多输入多输出传输性能的方法及装置

摘要：A method of enhancing performance of downlink multi-user multiple-input-multiple-output transmissions in a wireless communication system comprising a communication device and a network is disclosed. The method comprises generating a feedback report comprising a correlation-based validity threshold (CVT);  and transmitting the feedback report from the communication device to the network.

摘要（翻译）：公开了一种在包括通信设备和网络的无线通信系统中增强下行链路多用户多输入多输出传输的性能的方法。 所述方法包括生成反馈报告，所述反馈报告包括基于相关性的有效性阈值(CVT)； 以及将反馈报告从通信设备发送到网络。

公开（公告）号：US20130235815A1

公开（公告）日：2013-09-12

申请号：US13747482

申请日：2013-01-23

申请人：Industrial Technology Research Institute

当前法律状态：暂缺





221、ANTICANCER DERIVATIVES,  PREPARATION THEREOF AND THERAPEUTIC USE THEREOF

标题（翻译）：抗癌衍生物，及其制备和及其治疗用途

摘要：The present invention relates to conjugales of pyrrolo[1, 4]benzodiazepine (PBD) dimers,  to compositions containing them and to their therapeutic use,  especially as anticancer agents. The invention also relates to the process for preparing the conjugates and to their use as anticancer agents,  and also to the dimers themselves. Formula (I) in which :  represents a single bond or a double bond.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及conjugales的吡咯并[1，4]苯并二氮(pbd)二聚体，以含有它们的组合物和以它们的治疗用途，特别是作为抗癌试剂。本发明还涉及该方法用于制备所述缀合物和以它们的使用作为抗癌试剂，和也对该二聚体本身。式(Ⅰ)其中 : 表示一种单一键或一个双键。

公开（公告）号：IN166KOLNP2013A

公开（公告）日：2013-06-28

申请号：IN166KOLNP2013

申请日：2013-01-18

申请人：SANOFI





222、RECHARGEABLE MAGNESIUM ION CELL COMPONENTS AND ASSEMBLY

标题（翻译）：可充电镁离子电池组件和组件

摘要：A magnesium battery electrode assembly is described,  including a current collector comprising a metal,  an overlayer material on the metal and an electrode layer comprising an electrode active material disposed on the current collector. The overlayer material passivates the metal,  or inhibits a corrosion reaction that would occur between the metal and an electrolyte in the absence of the overlayer material.

摘要（翻译）：一种镁电池电极组件被描述，包括一电流集电极包括一种金属，所述金属上的覆盖层材料和一电极层包括一电极活性材料设置在所述电流收集器。所述覆盖层材料passivates所述金属; 或抑制腐蚀将所述金属和电解质之间发生反应，其在所述不存在的所述覆盖层材料。

公开（公告）号：WO2014098898A1

公开（公告）日：2014-06-26

申请号：WOUS12071271

申请日：2012-12-21

申请人：PELLION TECHNOLOGIES INC; DOE Robert Ellis; PERSSON Kristin A; EAGLESHAM David; GMITTER Andrew

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





223、PEEL PLY,  METHOD OF SURFACE PREPARATION AND BONDING COMPOSITE STRUCTURES USING THE SAME

标题（翻译）：剥离层，表面的方法制备和使用该相同的粘结复合结构

摘要：A resin-rich peel ply (11) that does not leave behind residual fibers after peeling and can work well with different resin-based composite substrates (10) The resin-rich peel ply (11) is composed of a woven fabric (lib) impregnated with a resin matrix (11a) different from the resin matrix of the composite substrate (10). The peel ply (11) is designed such that,  upon manual removal of the peel ply (11) from the composite substrate' s (10) surface,  a thin film of the peel ply resin remains on the composite substrate' s surface to create a bondable surface capable of bonding with another composite substrate (12),  but no fibrous material from the woven fabric remains on the same surface.

摘要（翻译）：一树脂-富剥离层(11)是不离开后面的剩余纤维剥离和可具有不同的工作井后树脂-基于复合基板(10)所述树脂-富剥离层(11)是由一种织造织物的(11b)与一种树脂浸渍矩阵(11a)不同的从所述树脂矩阵的所述的复合基板(10)。所述剥离层(11)被设计使得，所述的手动移除时的剥离层(11)从所述复合衬底的(10)表面，所述剥离层的一薄的膜树脂保持在所述的复合基板的表面，以产生一个粘合的表面能的粘结与另一复合基板(12)，但无纤维材料从所述的机织织物保持在所述相同的表面。

公开（公告）号：WO2013101354A1

公开（公告）日：2013-07-04

申请号：WOUS12065389

申请日：2012-11-16

申请人：CYTEC TECHNOLOGY CORP

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





224、DRY ETCH PROCESSES

标题（翻译）：干蚀刻过程

摘要：Provided methods of etching and/or patterning films. Certain methods comprise exposing at least part of a film on a substrate,  the film comprising one or more of HfO2,  HfBxOy,  ZrO2,  ZrBxOy,  to a plasma comprising BCl3 and argon to etch away said at least part of the film. Certain other methods relate to patterning substrates using said methods of etching films.

摘要（翻译）：图案化膜的蚀刻和\/或提供的方法。某些方法包括至少一种膜的一部分暴露在一衬底，所述膜包括一个或多个HfO2，hfbxoy，ZrO2，zrbxoy，以一等离子体包括bcl3和氩气到所述的至少一部分蚀刻掉该膜。某些其它方法涉及刻蚀膜图案化的基板使用所述的方法。

公开（公告）号：WO2013066667A1

公开（公告）日：2013-05-10

申请号：WOUS12061447

申请日：2012-10-23

申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; XUE Jun; LIU Jie; CHEN Yongmei; MICHAELSON Timothy; DEATON Paul; WEIDMAN Timothy W; NGAI Christopher S

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





225、METHOD FOR ETCHING EUV REFLECTIVE MULTI-MATERIAL LAYERS UTILIZED TO FORM A PHOTOMASK

标题（翻译）：用于刻蚀的方法使用EUV反射式多材料层以形成一个光掩模

摘要：A method and apparatus for etching photomasks are provided herein. In one embodiment,  a forming gas use utilized to remove a mask layer utilized film stack having a multi-material layer having at least two different materials. In another embodiment,  a method of etching a multi-material layer disposed on a photomask includes providing a film stack in an etching chamber,  the film stack having a multi-material layer having at least two different materials disposed therein partially exposed through a patterned layer,  providing a gas mixture including at least one fluorine containing gas and an oxygen containing gas in to a processing chamber,  supplying a RF power in the gas mixture to form a plasma,  and etching the multi-material layer through the patterned layer.

摘要（翻译）：这里提供了一种用于蚀刻光掩模的方法和装置。在一个实施例中，一种利用气体使用，用以除去一掩模层形成膜的叠层具有一多材料层具有至少两个不同的材料。在另一实施例中，一种刻蚀的方法一种多材料层上设置一个光掩模包括提供一膜堆在一个蚀刻室，该膜堆，其具有一多材料层具有至少两个不同的材料设置在其中部分地通过一图案化层的暴露，提供一种气体混合物包括至少一个含氟气体和一种含氧气体到处理室中，提供一种所述气体混合物中以形成一等离子体的RF功率，和刻蚀所述多材料层通过所述图案化层。

公开（公告）号：WO2013055586A1

公开（公告）日：2013-04-18

申请号：WOUS12058919

申请日：2012-10-05

申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; YU Keven Kaisheng; GRIMBERGEN Michael; CHANDRACHOOD Madhavi; SABHARWAL Amitabh; KUMAR Ajay

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





226、Method for fast wavelet transform of a signal

标题（翻译）：信号的快速小波变换方法

摘要：Method for determining at least one wavelet coefficient Ws(τ) of a wavelet transform of a signal in which the mother wavelet of the transform has a support subdivided into J≧1 intervals bound by (J+1) extremity points,  and is defined by a polynomial of a maximum level N≧1 on each interval. The method includes calculating all or some of the primitives of the signal of order k between 2 and N+1,  at least at (J+1) points corresponding to extremity points of the intervals of the wavelet support dilated by a factor of s and translated by a time τ;  calculating the convolution of said or each primitive sampled in this way with a respective succession of (J+1) coefficients Cik(s),  dependent upon said wavelet;  and determining the wavelet coefficient by calculating a linear combination of convolutions. Steps a) to c) are implemented by a processor configured or programmed in an appropriate manner.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于确定信号的小波变换的至少一个小波系数Ws(τ)的方法，其中变换的母小波具有细分为由(j+1)个极值点限定的j≥1个区间的支持，并且由每个区间上的最大电平n≥1的多项式定义。 所述方法包括 : 计算k阶信号在2和n+1之间的所有或一些基元，至少在(j+1)个点处，所述(j+1)个点对应于小波支持的间隔的极值点，所述小波支持的间隔被因子s扩展并被时间τ平移； 根据所述小波，用(j+1)个系数cik(s)的相应序列计算以这种方式采样的所述或每个基元的卷积； 以及通过计算卷积的线性组合来确定小波系数。 步骤a)至c)由以适当方式配置或编程的处理器实现。

公开（公告）号：US9268745B2

公开（公告）日：2016-02-23

申请号：US13627460

申请日：2012-09-26

申请人：Commissariat A L' Energie Atomique et aux Energies Alternatives

当前法律状态：暂缺





227、State-of-charge estimation method,  state-of-charge estimation device,  and secondary-battery power system

标题（翻译）：充电状态估计方法、充电状态估计装置及二次电池电力系统

摘要：There is provided a state-of-charge estimation method,  a state-of-charge estimation device,  and a secondary-battery power system that may quickly and stably determine the convergence value of an adjustment parameter of a voltage characteristic formula that may approximate change over time of an open-circuit voltage of a secondary battery with high precision by appropriately setting the initial value of the adjustment parameter. At step S14,  a selected voltage measurement values V1,  VMbi ((i=1 to (n?1)),  and VMm are used to calculate an initial value A0i (i=1 to n) of an adjustment parameter Ai (i=1 to n). In addition,  at step S15,  an integer string bi (i=1 to (n?1)) and a real number C are used to calculate an initial value B01 (i=1 to n) of an adjustment parameter Bi (i=1 to n).

摘要（翻译）：提供了一种充电状态估计方法、充电状态估计装置和二次电池电力系统，其可以通过适当地设置调整参数的初始值来快速且稳定地确定电压特性公式的调整参数的收敛值，该电压特性公式可以高精度地近似二次电池的开路电压随时间的变化。 在步骤S14中，使用所选择的电压测量值V1、Vmbi(i=1至(n？1))和Vmm来计算调整参数ai(i=1至n)的初始值a0i(i=1至n)。此外，在步骤S15中，使用整数串bi(i=1至(n？1)和实数c来计算调整参数bi(i=1至n)的初始值b01(i=1至n)。

公开（公告）号：US8903667B2

公开（公告）日：2014-12-02

申请号：US13616792

申请日：2012-09-14

申请人：Furukawa Electric Co Ltd; Furukawa Automotive Systems Inc

当前法律状态：有效





228、BRANCHED DISCRETTE PEG CONSTRUCTS

标题（翻译）：支链discrettePEG构建体

摘要：Disclosed are general and "substantially pure" branched discrete polyethylene glycol constructs useful in attaching to a variety of biologically active groups,  for example,  preferential locators,  as well as biologies like enzymes,  for use in diagnostics,  e.g. imaging,  therapeutics,  theranostics,  and moieties specific for other applications. In its simplest intermediate state,  a branched branched discrete polyethylene glycol construct is terminated at one end by a chemically reactive moiety,  "A",  a group that is reactive with a biologic material that creates "A",  which is a biologically reactive group,  connected through ~~~~~~ to a branched core (BC) which has attached at least two dPEG-containing chains,  indicated by the solid line,  ——,  having terminal groups,  which can be charged,  non-reactive or reactable moieties and containing between about 2 and 64 d PEG residues.

摘要（翻译）：公开的是一般和“基本上纯的”支化的离散的聚乙二醇构建体可用于在连接到一品种的生物活性基团，例如，优先定位器，以及biologies等酶，用于使用在诊断中，E。g。成像，治疗剂，theranostics，和部分的特定用于其它应用。在其最简单的中间状态，一种支链的支化的离散的聚乙二醇构建体是终止在一个端部通过一种化学活性部分，“A”，一种基团的是反应性用的生物材料，从而产生“A”，它是一种生物反应性基团，连接通过～～～～～～对一种支化的芯(bc)其具有连接在至少两个含dpeg-链，说明通过该固体系，--，具有末端基团，它可被带电荷的，非-反应性或反应部分和含有大约2之间和64D的PEG残基。

公开（公告）号：WO2013033476A1

公开（公告）日：2013-03-07

申请号：WOUS12053250

申请日：2012-08-30

申请人：QUANTA BIODESIGN LTD; University of Washington; DAVIS Paul D; WILBUR D Scott

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





229、一种实现显示模块节能和精细控制的方法和装置

标题（翻译）：Energy conservation and fine control method and device for display module

摘要：本发明提供了一种实现显示模块节能和精细控制的方法和装置，其中，该方法包括：在当今各种显示技术的设备中，提供对显示单元灵活而且细粒度很高的智能控制，对显示模块的任意指定区域设置指定的亮度值，以及显示该亮度的时间。本发明解决了对显示模块各区域进行亮度智能控制的问题，从而有效地避免了显示模块对能量的过多消耗，节省了整个设备的耗电量，延长了设备在无外置输入电源情况下的待机时间，还可以提高显示模块的使用寿命。

摘要（翻译）：The invention provides an energy conservation and fine control method and device for a display module. The method includes the steps that among equipment of current various display technologies,  a display unit is intelligently controlled flexibly with high fine grit,  and a specified luminance value and time for display of the luminance are set for any specified area of the display module. The energy conservation and fine control method and device for the display module solves the problems about intelligent control over luminance of all the areas of the display module,  thus,  the display module can avoid consuming too much energy,  consumed power of the whole equipment is saved,  the standby time of the equipment without an external input power source is prolonged,  and the service life of the display module can be prolonged.

公开（公告）号：CN103631552A

公开（公告）日：2014-03-12

申请号：CN201210311619.5

申请日：2012-08-28

申请人：刘彬

当前法律状态：实质审查





230、LED CHIP AND METHOD FOR MANUFACTURING THE SAME

标题（翻译）：LED芯片和所述相同的方法用于制造

摘要：An LED chip and a method for manufacturing the same are provided. The method comprises steps of :  a) providing an epitaxial wafer including a substrate,  and a buffer layer,  an n-type semiconductor layer,  a light-emitting layer and a p-type semiconductor layer formed on the substrate sequentially;  b) forming a conductive layer on the epitaxial wafer,  and etching the conductive layer to form a plurality of first grooves in the conductive layer;  c) providing a mold having a plurality of protrusions corresponding to the plurality of first grooves,  and forming a phosphor layer on a surface of the mold having the plurality of protrusions;  d) pressing the mold on the conductive layer vertically,  so as to insert the plurality of protrusions into the corresponding first grooves;  and e) performing a heat treatment,  and removing the mold.

摘要（翻译）：一个LED芯片和所述相同的是提供一种用于制造方法。所述的方法包括步骤 : a)提供一外延晶片包括一基板，和一缓冲层，一个n-型半导体层，一个光-发射层和所述衬底上形成一P-型半导体层顺序; b)所述外延晶片上形成一导电层，并蚀刻该导电层以形成多个第一凹槽在所述导电层; c)提供一模具具有多个对应的所述多个的突起第一的凹槽，并形成一个所述模具的一个表面上的荧光体层具有所述多个突起的; d)垂直按压所述模具在所述导电层，以便插入所述多个的突起到所述对应的第一凹槽; 和e)执行一热处理，并去除所述模具。

公开（公告）号：WO2013040974A1

公开（公告）日：2013-03-28

申请号：WOCN12080472

申请日：2012-08-22

申请人：SHENZHEN BYD AUTO R D COMPANY LIMITED; BYD COMPANY LIMITED; ZHANG Ge

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





231、LONG-TERM IMPLANTABLE SILICON CARBIDE NEURAL INTERFACE DEVICE USING THE ELECTRICAL FIELD EFFECT

标题（翻译）：长-术语可植入硅碳化物神经接口装置使用所述的电的场效应

摘要：Field effect devices,  such as capacitors and field effect transistors,  are used to interact with neurons. Cubic silicon carbide is biocompatible with the neuronal environment and has the chemical and physical resilience required to withstand the body environment and does not produce toxic byproducts. It is used as a basis for generating a biocompatible semiconductor field effect device that interacts with the brain for long periods of time. The device signals capacitively and receives signals using field effect transistors. These signals can be used to drive very complicated systems such as multiple degree of freedom limb prosthetics,  sensory replacements,  and may additionally assist in therapies for diseases like Parkinson' s disease.

摘要（翻译）：场效应器件，如电容器和场效应型晶体管，是用于以与神经元的相互作用。立方硅碳化物是生物相容性与该神经元环境和具有该化学和物理所需的回弹性，以承受该主体环境和不产生有毒副产物。它是用于作为一种用于产生基础的生物相容性半导体场效应装置，其相互作用与所述脑用于长时间的时间。该装置的信号的电容和接收信号的使用场效应晶体管。这些信号可被用于驱动非常复杂的系统，如多程度的自由度，肢体prosthetics，感官替代物，和可以此外帮助在治疗一种疾病等帕金森氏病。

公开（公告）号：WO2013010161A2

公开（公告）日：2013-01-17

申请号：WOUS12046884

申请日：2012-07-16

申请人：UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA; FREWIN Christopher Leroy; SADDOW Stephen E

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





232、Treatment of excessive menstrual bleeding associated with uterine fibroids

标题（翻译）：处理的过量的月经出血相关的与子宫纤维瘤

摘要：The present invention relates generally to benign gynecological diseases and in particular to a method and compositions for reducing heavy menstruation associated with said gynecological diseases following treatment with vascular occlusion methods or thermal related treatment methods.

摘要（翻译）：本发明一般涉及对良性妇科疾病和涉及一种方法和组合物中用于降低重月经与所述的妇科疾病有关的下述治疗与血管闭塞的方法或热相关处理方法。

公开（公告）号：WO2013008202A1

公开（公告）日：2013-01-17

申请号：WOIB12053577

申请日：2012-07-12

申请人：PREGLEM SA; LOUMAYE Ernest; BESTEL Elke; OSTERLOH Ian

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





233、MULTILAYERED POLYOLEFIN-BASED FILMS HAVING INTEGRATED BACKSHEET AND ENCAPSULATION PERFORMANCE COMPRISING A LAYER COMPRISING CRYSTALLINE BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE OR BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE

标题（翻译）：基于聚烯烃-多层膜具有集成的背板和封装性能包括一层包括结晶嵌段共聚物的复合或块共聚物的复合

摘要：A multilayer film structure comprising a top encapsulation layer A,  a tie Layer B between top Layer A and bottom Layer C and a bottom layer C,  the multilayer film structure characterized in that tie Layer B comprises a crystalline block composite resin or a block composite resin and bottom Layer C comprises a polyolefin having at least one melting point greater than 125° C.

摘要（翻译）：本发明的一个密封层的上表面指的是，所述底部层和一层的上表面到被接地，C所述底部层和B之间存在接合层包括C，耦合层B是结晶块含有该树脂和所述树脂的复合或一个块，大于125°C是C所述底部层一个或多个聚合的熔化点和与其中聚烯烃具有以包括涉及多层膜结构其特征在于 : 通过。

公开（公告）号：KR1020140043802A

公开（公告）日：2014-04-10

申请号：KR1020147002009

申请日：2012-06-28

申请人：DOW GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC

当前法律状态：未授权失效





234、MULTILAYERED POLYOLEFIN-BASED FILMS HAVING A LAYER COMPRISING A CRYSTALLINE BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE OR A BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE RESIN

标题（翻译）：多层聚烯烃-基薄膜具有一种层包括一种结晶块共聚物复合或一个块共聚物复合树脂

摘要：Disclosed are multilayer film structures comprising a layer (B) that comprises a crystalline block copolymer composite (CBC) or a specified block copolymer composite (BC),  comprising i) an ethylene polymer (EP) comprising at least 80 mol % polymerized ethylene;  ii) an alpha-olefin- based crystalline polymer (CAOP) and iii) a block copolymer comprising (a) an ethylene polymer block comprising at least 80 mol % polymerized ethylene and (b) a crystalline alpha-olefin block (CAOB);  and a layer C that comprises a polyolefin having at least one melting peak greater than 1255C,  the top facial surface of layer C in adhering contact with the bottom facial surface of layer B. Such multilayer film structure preferably comprises (A) a seal layer A having a bottom facial surface in adhering contact with the top facial surface of layer B. Such films are suited for use in electronic device (ED) modules comprising an electronic device such as a PV cell. Also disclosed is a lamination process to construct a laminated PV module comprising such multilayer film structures.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了一种为多层膜结构包括一层(B)包括一结晶块共聚物复合(cbc)或一个指定块共聚物复合(BC)，包括i)一种乙烯聚合物(ep)包括在至少80摩尔%的聚合的乙烯; ii)一种α-烯烃-基于结晶聚合物(caop)和iii)一个块共聚物，包括 : (a)一种乙烯聚合物块包括在至少80摩尔%的聚合乙烯和(b)结晶的α-烯烃块(caob); 和一层C，其包括一种聚烯烃具有在至少一个熔化峰大于1a2a～5aC，所述顶部在粘接层C的面部表面接触与该底面部表面的层B。这种多层膜结构优选地包括 : (a)一密封层一具有一底面部表面在与所述顶面部表面粘附接触的层B。(ed)这种薄膜是适合用于使用在电子装置模块包括一个电子装置如一PV电池。还公开了是一层压过程以构建一个层压PV模块包括这种多层膜结构。

公开（公告）号：WO2013003541A1

公开（公告）日：2013-01-03

申请号：WOUS12044558

申请日：2012-06-28

申请人：DOW GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC; BONEKAMP Jeffrey E; HU Yushan; NICKEL Nichole E; CHU Lih long; NAUMOVITZ John A; HOFIUS Mark G

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





235、MULTILAYERED POLYOLEFIN-BASED FILMS HAVING INTEGRATED BACKSHEET AND ENCAPSULATION PERFORMANCE COMPRISING A LAYER COMPRISING CRYSTALLINE BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE OR BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE

标题（翻译）：多层聚烯烃基膜具有一体化背部片材和封装性能且包括一层包含结晶嵌段共聚物复合材料或块共聚物组合物

摘要：A multilayer film structure comprising a top encapsulation layer A,  a tie Layer B between top Layer A and bottom Layer C and a bottom layer C,  the multilayer film structure characterized in that tie Layer B comprises a crystalline block composite resin or a block composite resin and bottom Layer C comprises a polyolefin having at least one melting point greater than 125°C.

摘要（翻译）：多层膜结构，包括顶部封装层，一种连接层B之间的顶部层和底部层C和底层C，多层膜结构，其特征在于连接层B包括结晶嵌段复合物树脂或嵌段复合材料树脂和底层C包括聚烯烃具有至少一熔点大于125A°C。

公开（公告）号：WO2013003543A1

公开（公告）日：2013-01-03

申请号：WOUS12044561

申请日：2012-06-28

申请人：DOW GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC; BONEKAMP Jeffrey E; HU Yushan; NICKEL Nichole E; CHU Lih long; NAUMOVITZ John A; HOFIUS Mark G

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





236、The system which supports a authentication process of a user who using a non-facing service

标题（翻译）：所述的系统，其支持一种认证过程的一个使用一种非面向服务的用户

摘要：PURPOSE :  A supporting system for a person authentication process of a user who uses a non-facing service is provided to perform authentication using a basic authentication module and an in-depth person authentication module.CONSTITUTION :  A BCI(base clue information) acquisition module(105) acquires BCI. A basic authentication module(106) performs basic person authentication through communications with the BCI acquisition module. A person authentication medium processing module(107) transmits a person authentication medium to an NFS(non-facing service) user mobile communication device. A person authentication reply message acquisition module(108) acquires a person authentication reply message corresponding to the person authentication medium. An in-depth person authentication module(109) authenticates the matching of the person authentication reply message and the person authentication medium. A person authentication success message processing module(110) transmits a person authentication success message to an NFS providing system.[Reference numerals] (1) NFS supply system;  (10) Wired/wireless on-line network;  (101) Person authentication support and control module;  (102) Interface module;  (103) Operating information string module;  (104) Person authentication credit information storing module;  (105) BCI acquisition module;  (106) Basic person authentication processing module;  (107) Authentication medium processing module;  (108) Person authentication reply message;  (109) In-depth person authentication module;  (110) Person authentication success message processing module;  (111) Person authentication failure message processing module;  (2) NFS user information processing deivce;  (3) NFS user information mobile communication deviceCOPYRIGHT KIPO 2013

摘要（翻译）：目的 : 一支撑系统用于人的用户认证的过程使用一个非面向服务被提供到使用一种基本的认证模块进行认证和一种深度中的个人认证模块。构成 : 一个BCI(基线索信息)采集模块(105)获取BCI。一种基本的认证模块(106)执行基本的个人认证通过通信与所述BCI采集模块。一种人认证介质处理模块(107)发送一个个人认证介质以一种NFS(非面向服务)用户移动通讯装置。一种人认证应答报文采集模块(108)取得一对应的个人认证应答消息到所述个人认证介质。一深度中的个人认证模块(109)认证匹配所述的人的认证应答报文和所述个人认证介质。一种人认证成功消息处理模块(110)发送者认证成功消息到一个NFS提供系统。[参考标号](1)NFS供应系统; (10)有线\/无线-线网络上; (101)人认证支撑和控制模块; (102)的接口模块; (103)操作信息串的模块; (104)的个人认证的信用信息存储模块; (105)BCI获取模块; (106)基本人的认证处理模块; (107)认证介质处理模块; (108)人认证应答消息; (109)-深度的人认证模块中; (110)人认证成功消息处理模块; (111)人认证失败消息处理模块; (2)NFS用户的信息的处理装置; (3)NFS用户的信息的移动通讯装置版权kipo2013

公开（公告）号：KR101210054B1

公开（公告）日：2012-12-07

申请号：KR1020120069336

申请日：2012-06-27

申请人：NICE INFORMATION SERVICE CO LTD





237、half-field SSVEP based BCI System and motion method Thereof

标题（翻译）：半领域，基于SSVEP BCI系统及其运动方法

摘要：Disclosed are a BCI based SSVEP system and a method for operating the same. The BCI based SSVEP system comprises an EEG detection electrode unit which is attached to an occipital lobe of a user to measure a brainwave signal;  a target staring unit in which a plurality of eyeline staring targets consisting of texts and numbers are arranged and which includes a plurality of visual stimulators that are arranged between two of the eyeline staring targets and are lighted on/off by different frequencies;  and a processing unit which classifies and processes the brainwave signal outputted from the EEG detection electrode unit when the user stares each of the targets included in the target staring unit. [Reference numerals] (121) Signal processing unit; (122) Database; (AA) Head of a human

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了一种基于SSVEP BCI系统和用于操作该系统的方法。基于SSVEP所述BCI系统包括脑电检测电极单元，其连接到一后脑枕叶用户测量脑波信号; 目标启动单元，在其中由多个eyeline启动目标文本和数字设置，它包括多个视觉刺激剂是eyeline的之间设有两个启动靶和点亮使用不同频率开/关，和处理单元的分类处理从EEG脑波信号输出时检测电极单元用户注视目标的每个包括在目标启动单元。[的参考标号](121)的信号处理单元; (122)数据库; 人(aa)头

公开（公告）号：KR101400141B1

公开（公告）日：2014-05-21

申请号：KR1020120065003

申请日：2012-06-18

申请人：SNU R DB FOUNDATION





238、· · Neural network and a method for filtering system

标题（翻译）：··神经网络和用于过滤系统的方法

摘要：Systems and methods are disclosed for filtering data in a neural network environment to filter out inappropriate content. In some embodiments,  a data signal including a sensible representation is received. The sensible representation included in the data signal is produced in a sensible format. From the sensible representation in the sensible format,  a clean copy of the sensible representation can be generated such that any inappropriate content present within the received data signal is not reproduced in the clean copy. Optionally,  additional filtering can occur before and/or after the generating of the clean copy. The (filtered) clean copy of the sensible representation is sent to a network. Embodiments can permit the filtering of input to and/or output from a network.

摘要（翻译）：系统和方法，公开了用于神经网络中的数据过滤环境过滤出不适当的内容。在一些实施例中，包括显表示数据信号被接收。显表示包括在数据信号的产生是在可感知的格式。从显中表示可感知的格式，干净拷贝的显表示可被生成，使得任何不适当的含量存在于接收到的数据信号不干净拷贝中再现的。任选地，附加滤波可以出现之前和/或之后产生的干净拷贝。(滤波)的干净拷贝的显表示发送到网络。实施例可允许输入和/或输出的过滤从网络。

公开（公告）号：JP5490184B2

公开（公告）日：2014-05-14

申请号：JP2012134635

申请日：2012-06-14

申请人：Elliot D Cohen

当前法律状态：有效





239、SUBSTRATE ETCHING METHOD AND SUBSTRATE PROCESSING DEVICE

标题（翻译）：基材蚀刻方法和基板处理装置

摘要：Method and substrate processing device in etching of a substrate,  the method etching of a substrate,  a substrate into the reaction chamber during predetermined processing in step (S1);  the steps of supplying said etching gas in a reaction chamber (S2);  said steps of generating a plasma in a reaction chamber by turning on exciting power (S3);  applying said bias supply turning on to substrate bias (S4);  said bias to turn off power and,  simultaneously deposited in the gas to be supplied to said reaction chamber is monitored (S5);  said reaction chamber and said supply of deposition gases,  simultaneously turning on the bias power (S6);  said etching process until complete,  repeating step (S7) S5 provided S6;  without using a tool. In the entire etching process,  etching job is always performed,  the ground floor and the processing advances. The plasma reaction chamber during ground operation deposited on a sidewall of an etching section formed by etching can be at least a portion of the polymer deposited on the sidewalls,  the sidewalls of the etching section causes smooth.

摘要（翻译）：蚀刻方法和基板处理装置的基板，该方法刻蚀衬底，衬底放入反应室中的预定处理的步骤(S1)；所述的步骤有 : 将所述刻蚀气体反应室(S2)；所述步骤的反应室中产生等离子体，通过接通励磁功率(S3)；将所述偏置电源开启到衬底偏压(S4)；所述偏压关断功率和，同时沉积气体被供应到所述反应室中进行监视(S5)；所述反应室和所述沉积气体供给，同时接通的偏置功率(S6)；所述刻蚀过程，直到完成为止，重复步骤(S7)提供s5步骤S6；不使用工具。整个刻蚀过程中，一直在进行蚀刻作业，地面和处理。所述等离子体反应室的地面运行期间沉积在刻蚀形成的刻蚀段的侧壁可至少一部分所述聚合物沉积在所述侧壁，所述侧壁的刻蚀剖面，使光滑。

公开（公告）号：KR101689448B1

公开（公告）日：2017-01-02

申请号：KR1020147019877

申请日：2012-06-04

申请人：베이징 엔엠씨 씨오 엘티디

当前法律状态：有效





240、CROSS-MODAL APPLICATION OF COMBINATION SIGNATURES INDICATIVE OF A PHENOTYPE

标题（翻译）：交叉-模态一种表型的组合表示的签名的应用

摘要：The present invention relates to a method of adapting a composite signature of a phenotype. The method comprises the steps of providing for a composite signature of a phenotype with at least two different data types,  which were respectively generated by two different modalities of measuring a specimen. Due to an adaption of one part of the signature of the phenotype the resulting adapted phenotype signature can be used as an input for a signature evaluation tool that was derived from data measured by a third modality of measurement.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种表型的一种适配一个复合的签名的方法。该方法包括以下步骤 : 提供用于一种复合的签名的一种表型与至少两个不同数据类型，其是分别由两个不同的模态产生的测量样品。由于以一种适应本发明的一个部分的所述表型所得到的适合于表型的签名的签名可以被使用作为一个输入用于从数据导出的签名评价工具通过一第三测得的模态测量的。

公开（公告）号：WO2012168810A2

公开（公告）日：2012-12-13

申请号：WOIB12052551

申请日：2012-05-22

申请人：KONINKLIJKE PHILIPS ELECTRONICS N V; JANEVSKI Angel; KAMALAKARAN Sitharthan; BANERJEE Nilanjana; VARADAN Vinay; DIMITROVA Nevenka; SURYANARAYANAN Sankararaman

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





241、HIGH PRESSURE BEVEL ETCH PROCESS

标题（翻译）：高的压力斜面蚀刻过程

摘要：A method of bevel edge processing a semiconductor in a bevel plasma processing chamber in which the semiconductor substrate is supported on a semiconductor substrate support is provided. The method comprises evacuating the bevel etcher to a pressure of 3 to 100 Torr and maintaining RF voltage under a threshold value;  flowing a process gas into the bevel plasma processing chamber;  energizing the process gas into a plasma at a periphery of the semiconductor substrate;  and bevel processing the semiconductor substrate with the plasma.

摘要（翻译）：一斜角边缘的方法中的一个斜面等离子体处理室中处理半导体，其中所述半导体衬底被一半导体衬底上的支撑支撑被提供。该方法包括排空所述斜面的蚀刻到3至100乇的压力和保持RF电压一个下阈值值; 一种工艺气体流动到所述斜面等离子体处理室; 激励所述处理气体为等离子体在所述半导体衬底的一周边; 和斜面与所述等离子体处理所述半导体衬底。

公开（公告）号：WO2012154747A2

公开（公告）日：2012-11-15

申请号：WOUS12036954

申请日：2012-05-08

申请人：LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION; FANG Tong; KIM Yunsang S; FISCHER Andreas

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





242、THERAPY FOR LEUKEMIA

标题（翻译）：治疗白血病

摘要：A pharmaceutically acceptable composition and method for leukemia therapy in a patient in need of such therapy. The composition contains,  as the only active agents,  the combination of (a) an inhibitor of c-Fos,  (b) an inhibitor of Dusp-1,  and (c) an inhibitor of BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase. The composition is administered to the patient in a dosing regimen for a period sufficient to provide therapy for leukemia.

摘要（翻译）：一种药学上可接受的组合物和方法用于这种治疗白血病治疗的患者中，在需要的。该组合物含有，作为所述，仅活性剂，该组合的(a)抑制剂的C-fos，(b)一种抑制剂。dusp-1的，和(c)一种抑制剂的BCR-Abl酪氨酸激酶。该组合物是给该患者的给药方案用于一个周期中足以提供治疗的用于白血病。

公开（公告）号：WO2012145575A2

公开（公告）日：2012-10-26

申请号：WOUS12034359

申请日：2012-04-20

申请人：CHILDREN' S HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER; AZAM Mohammad; KESARWANI Meenu

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





243、MANUFACTORING PROCESS Of a PHOTOVOLTAIC CELL HAS CONTACTS INTERDIGITES OPPOSITE BACK

标题（翻译）：一种光生伏打电池的制造过程具有触点相对的后interdigites

摘要：A method for producing a photovoltaic cell with interdigitated contacts in the rear face,  comprising :  providing a doped silicon substrate;  forming,  on the rear face of said substrate,  a doped semiconductor layer with a first dopant species;  forming,  on said layer,  a dopant layer comprising a second dopant species,  of an electric type opposite to that of the first species;  forming,  in the doped layer,  at least one doped region of a type opposite to that of the first species,  by irradiation of at least one region of the dopant layer with a luminous flux of fluence greater than a threshold above which the dopants of the irradiated region of the dopant layer diffuse into the region underlying the doped layer in such a way as to exceed the concentration of the first dopant species;  and forming,  in the doped layer,  at least one electrically insulating region,  by selective irradiation of at least one region of the dopant layer with a luminous flux of which the fluence is in a range lower than said threshold,  at which the dopants of the irradiated region of the dopant layer diffuse into the region underlying the doped semiconductor layer in such a way as to balance the concentrations of the two dopant species in said region.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种用于制造光生伏打电池方法具有叉指式触点在所述后表面，包括 : -提供一种掺杂的硅衬底(1)，-形成，所述后表面B上的所述基板(1)，一掺杂半导体层(10)与一第一掺杂剂种类，-形成，所述层(10)上，掺杂剂层(11)包括一第二掺杂剂物质，一种电动式第一的相反的物质(10)，-形成，在所述掺杂层(10); 至少一个掺杂区(10a)一种式第一的相反的物质，通过照射的在至少一个区域(11a)的所述掺杂剂层(11)与一注量大于一阈值以上的光通量其中所述照射区域的所述掺杂剂(11a)的所述掺杂剂层(11)扩散到该区域(10a)下面的所述掺杂层(10)这样的一种方式中作为到超过该浓度的第一掺杂剂种类，-形成，在所述掺杂层(10)，至少一个电绝缘区域(10b)，通过至少一个选择性的照射区域(11b)的所述的掺杂剂层(11)与一个光通量，其中所述的注量是在一个范围([S1S2])低于所述阈值，在其中所述照射区域的所述掺杂剂(11b)的所述掺杂剂层(11)扩散到所述区域(10b)下面的所述掺杂半导体层(10)在这样的一种方式为，以平衡浓度的所述两个所述区域中的掺杂剂种类(10b)。

公开（公告）号：FR2988908A1

公开（公告）日：2013-10-04

申请号：FR12053058

申请日：2012-04-03

申请人：COMMISSARIAT ENERGIE ATOMIQUE

当前法律状态：暂缺





244、METHOD FOR DEPOSITING ONE OR MORE POLYCRYSTALLINE SILICON LAYERS ON SUBSTRATE

标题（翻译）：用于沉积一种或多种多晶硅层的方法在基材

摘要：The invention relates to a method for depositing one or more polycrystalline silicon layers (230c) on a substrate (210) by a chemical vapour deposition in a reactor,  which method comprises adjusting a deposition temperature between 605 °C-800 °C in a process chamber of the reactor,  and depositing the one or more polycrystalline silicon layers on the substrate by using a silicon source gas comprising SiH4 or SiH2CI2,  and a dopant gas comprising BCI3.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种用于沉积一种或多种多晶硅层的方法(230ac)在一衬底(210)通过一种化学蒸汽沉积一反应器中，该方法包括调节一个605°C之间的沉积温度-800°C在一种该反应器的工艺室，和沉积该衬底上的一个或多个多晶硅层通过使用一种硅源气体包括sih4或sih2ci2，和一种掺杂剂气体包括bci3。

公开（公告）号：WO2012136888A1

公开（公告）日：2012-10-11

申请号：WOFI12050325

申请日：2012-03-30

申请人：OKMETIC OYJ; AIRAKSINEN Veli Matti; MÄKINEN Jari

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





245、METHOD FOR PATTERNING A FULL METAL GATE STRUCTURE

标题（翻译）：用于形成图案的全金属栅结构的方法

摘要：A method of patterning a gate structure (100,  100' ,  200) on a substrate (25,  105,  210) is described. The method includes preparing a metal gate structure (100,  100' ,  200) on a substrate (25,  105,  210),  wherein the metal gate structure (100,  100' ,  200) includes a high dielectric constant (high-k) layer (230),  a first gate layer (120,  240) formed on the high-k layer (230),  and a second gate layer (130,  250) formed on the first gate layer (120,  240),  and wherein the first gate layer (120,  240) comprises one or more metal-containing layers (240A,  240B). The method further includes preparing a mask layer (260,  270) with a pattern overlying the metal gate structure (100,  100' ,  200),  transferring the pattern to the second gate layer (130,  250),  transferring the pattern to the first gate layer (120,  240),  and transferring the pattern in the first gate layer (120,  240) to the high-k layer (230),  and prior to the transferring of the pattern to the high-k layer (230),  passivating an exposed surface (245) of the first gate layer (120,  240) using a nitrogen-containing and/or carbon-containing environment to reduce under-cutting (140,  140' ) of the first gate layer (120,  240) relative to the second gate layer (130,  250),  wherein the passivating is performed separately from or in addition to the transferring of the pattern to the first gate layer (120,  240).

摘要（翻译）：一图案化的方法一栅极结构(100，100‘，200)在一衬底(25，105，210)被描述。该方法包括制备一金属栅结构(100，100‘，200)在一衬底(25，105，210)，其中所述金属栅结构(100，100‘，200)包括一高介电常数(高k)层(230)，第第一栅极层(120，240)。形成在所述高介电常数层(230)，和一个第二栅极层(130，250)第一上形成栅极层(120; 240)，和其中第一栅极层(120，240)包括一个或多个含金属层(2a40a，40b)。该方法进一步包括制备一掩模层(260，270)与一图案覆盖该金属栅结构(100; 100‘，200)，该图案转移到第二栅极层(130，250)，该图案转移到第一栅极层(120，240)，和第一中所述图案转移栅极层(120，240)到所述高介电常数层(230)，和现有以该图案的所述转移到所述高介电常数层(230)，钝化暴露的表面(245)的第一栅极层(120，240)使用一种含氮和\/或含碳的环境下，以降低-切割(140，140‘)的第一栅极层(120; 240)相对于第二的栅极层(130，250)，其中所述的钝化是分别从或另外执行至所述的所述图案转移到第一栅极层(120，240)。

公开（公告）号：WO2012129005A1

公开（公告）日：2012-09-27

申请号：WOUS12028904

申请日：2012-03-13

申请人：TOKYO ELECTRON LIMITED; TOKYO ELECTRON AMERICA INC; LUONG Vihn Hoang; KO Akiteru

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





246、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR EVALUATING AN ELECTROPHYSIOLOGICAL SIGNAL

标题（翻译）：一种电生理信号的系统和方法用于评价

摘要：A method of evaluating an electrophysiological signal is disclosed. A model-derived reconstruction over at least one cycle of the electrophysiological signal is used to identify a pathological event. A non-transitory computer readable medium is also disclosed. The non- transitory computer readable medium has stored thereon instructions for identifying a pathological event from a model-derived reconstruction of an electrophysiological signal,  which,  when executed by a processor,  causes the processor to perform steps comprising using a model- derived reconstruction over at least one cycle of the electrophysiological signal to identify a pathological event. A system for evaluating an electrophysiological signal includes a processor configured to identify a pathological event from a model-derived reconstruction of the electrophysiological signal. The system also includes a data input coupled to the processor and configured to provide the processor with the electrophysiological signal. The system further includes a user interface coupled to either the processor or the data input.

摘要（翻译）：一个公开了一种电生理信号被评估的方法。一个导出的模型的重建在至少一个所述电生理信号的周期是用于识别病理事件。本发明还公开了一种非临时性计算机可读介质。所述的非短暂的计算机可读介质用于识别病理事件具有在其上存储的指令从一个导出的模型的重建一种电生理的信号，其中，由处理器执行时，使所述处理器以执行步骤包括使用一种模型-所述电生理学的至少一个周期上得到的重建信号以识别一个病理事件。一种用于评估系统一种电生理信号包括一个处理器被配置为识别的病理事件从一个模型-导出重构的所述电生理学信号。该系统还包括一数据输入耦合到所述处理器和被配置以提供所述处理器与所述电生理学信号。该系统还包括一个用户接口耦合到所述处理器或所述数据输入。

公开（公告）号：WO2012106729A1

公开（公告）日：2012-08-09

申请号：WOUS12024037

申请日：2012-02-06

申请人：PHASE SPACE SYSTEMS CORPORATION; KORENBERG Michael; BOSTON Umar Sekou toure; GUPTA Sunny

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





247、HEARING AID ADAPTED FOR DETECTING BRAIN WAVES AND A METHOD FOR ADAPTING SUCH A HEARING AID

标题（翻译）：适用于检测脑电波助听器和适用于这种助听器的方法

摘要：A hearing aid comprises an amplifier (303,  309,  317),  an input transducer (301),  an output transducer (824) and a signal processing device (825). The amplifier (303,  309,  317) and the signal processing device (825) are connected. The hearing aid further comprises at least two electrodes (201-205) adapted for detecting electrical signals such as brain waves,  the at least two electrodes (201-205) being connected to a differential amplifier (303,  309,  317),  which in turn is connected to the signal processing device,  and means for modifying the operation of said hearing aid in dependence of the detected signals. The invention further provides a method for adaptation of a hearing aid.

摘要（翻译）：一种助听器，包括放大器(303, 309, 317)，输入换能器(301)，输出换能器(824)和信号处理装置(825)。 放大器(303, 309, 317)与信号处理装置(825)连接。 该助听器还包括至少两个电极(201-205)和用于根据检测到的信号修改所述助听器的操作的装置，所述至少两个电极(201-205)连接到差动放大器(303, 309, 317)，所述差动放大器又连接到信号处理装置。 本发明还提供了一种助听器的适配方法。

公开（公告）号：US20120177233A1

公开（公告）日：2012-07-12

申请号：US13348986

申请日：2012-01-12

申请人：Widex A/S

当前法律状态：有效





248、POST-TREATMENT BREAST CANCER PROGNOSIS

标题（翻译）：后-处理乳房癌的预后

摘要：The disclosure includes the identification and use of gene expression profiles,  or patterns,  with clinical relevance to extended treatment and cancer-free survival in a patient. In particular,  the disclosure includes the identities of genes that are expressed in correlation with benefit in a switch in endocrine therapy used to treat a patient. The levels of gene expression are disclosed as a molecular index for predicting clinical outcome,  and so prognosis,  for the patient. The disclosure further includes methods for predicting cancer recurrence,  and/or predicting occurrence of metastatic cancer,  after initial treatment with an anti-estrogen agent. The disclosure further includes methods for determining or selecting the treatment of a subject based upon the likelihood of life expectancy,  cancer recurrence,  and/or cancer metastasis.

摘要（翻译）：该公开内容包括所述的识别和使用的基因的表达型材，或图案，与临床相关性，以延伸处理和癌症-无存活在一个病人。在特定的，该公开内容包括所述基因是分别表示在相关的身份与效益在一个开关在使用以处理一个病人内分泌疗法。所述的基因表达水平是本发明公开了作为一种分子索引用于预测的临床结果，和使预后，用于该患者。该公开内容还包括用于预测癌症复发的方法，和\/或预测转移性癌的发生，初始处理后与一种抗雌激素剂。该公开内容还包括用于确定或选择所述的方法处理的一对象基于在所述的似然寿命预期，癌症复发，和\/或癌转移。

公开（公告）号：WO2012079059A2

公开（公告）日：2012-06-14

申请号：WOUS11064290

申请日：2011-12-09

申请人：BIOTHERANOSTICS INC; GENERAL HOSPITAL CORPORATION; SGROI Dennis; ERLANDER Mark G; ZHANG Yi; SCHNABEL Catherine A

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





249、System for preventing dementia using BCI and the method thereof

标题（翻译）：利用BCI系统用于防止痴呆和所述的方法，其

摘要：PURPOSE :  A dementia preventing system using BCI is provided to demand the concentration of a game player by utilizing a simple mini game to prevent geriatric diseases such as dementia,  thereby obtaining an effect of medical treatment.CONSTITUTION :  A dementia preventing system using BCI comprises :  a camera module(50) producing and transmitting image data;  a body information extracting module(100) extracting body information among the image data from the camera module;  a BIC module(300) generating beta waves;  and a game module(200) displaying a game using the body information by adjusting the speed according to the beta wave. A method of preventing dementia,  using the BCI comprises the following steps :  producing and transmitting image data through the camera module;  extracting body information among the image data through the body information extracting module;  and generating beta waves through the BCI module.[Reference numerals] (100) Body information extracting module;  (200) Game module;  (300) BIC module;  (50) Camera moduleCOPYRIGHT KIPO 2013

摘要（翻译）：所述本发明是指以鸡使用蔗糖使用防痴呆的pox病毒系统和方法涉及一个，这种作为痴呆更具体地用于防止严重的DTMF信号一起通过一个简单的迷你游戏中始终强度，以所述受试者通过接枝的游戏目的 : 一种鸡使用蔗糖使用防痴呆的pox病毒系统和方法涉及。

公开（公告）号：KR1020130064196A

公开（公告）日：2013-06-18

申请号：KR1020110130682

申请日：2011-12-08

申请人：GACHON UNIVERSITY OF INDUSTRY ACADEMIC COOPERATION FOUNDATION

当前法律状态：有效





250、LI-BASED ANODE WITH IONIC LIQUID POLYMER GEL

标题（翻译）：基于锂阳极与离子液体的聚合物凝胶

摘要：A Li-based anode for use in an electric current producing cell comprising at least one anode active Li-containing compound and (A) a composition located between the at least one Li-containing compound and the catholyte (c) used in the electric current producing cell,  containing (B1) at least one ionic liquid,  (B2) at least one polymer compatible with the at least one ionic liquid (B1),  and (B3) optionally at least one lithium salt.

摘要（翻译）：一种基于锂-一种产生电流的电池中使用的阳极包括至少一个含锂阳极活性化合物和(a)之间的组合物位于该至少一个含Li化合物和所述阴极电解液使用的(c)在所述电流制造电池，含有(B1)的至少一个离子液体，(B2)的至少一个聚合物兼容的与所述至少一个离子液体(B1)，和(B3)任选的至少一个的锂盐。

公开（公告）号：WO2012042004A1

公开（公告）日：2012-04-05

申请号：WOEP11067082

申请日：2011-09-30

申请人：BASF SE; SION POWER CORPORATION; SCHMIDT Rüdiger; BADINE Daher Michael; MÖHWALD Helmut; KOVALEV Igor; MIKHAYLIK Yuriy V

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





251、ADDITIVE FOR ELECTROLYTES

标题（翻译）：添加剂用于电解质

摘要：The invention relates to an electric current producing cell comprising (a) a cathode,  (b) a Li-based anode,  and (c) at least one electrolyte interposed between said cathode and said anode wherein the at least one electrolyte (c) contains at least one spiro ammonium salt and to the use of spiro ammonium salts as additive for electrolytes in electric current producing cells.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种产生电流的电池，包括 : (a)一阴极，(b)一种基于锂的阳极，和(c)在所述阴极和所述阳极之间插入至少一个电解质，其中所述在(c)中的至少一个电解液包含至少一个螺环铵的盐和与所述使用螺环铵的盐作为添加剂用于电解质在电流产生单元。

公开（公告）号：WO2012042005A1

公开（公告）日：2012-04-05

申请号：WOEP11067083

申请日：2011-09-30

申请人：BASF SE; SION POWER CORPORATION; SCHMIDT Rüdiger; BADINE Michael; STEIMLE Xiao; MÖHWALD Helmut; KOVALEV Igor; MIKHAYLIK Yuriy V

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





252、A COGNITIVE COMPUTING SYSTEM

标题（翻译）：一个认知计算系统

摘要：Cognitive computing entails the endowment of various cognitive functions in computers. This system may be built using prevalent binary logic based processing devices,  or they may be optimally deployed using novel ternary computing devices.

摘要（翻译）：认知计算中需要所捐赠的各种认知功能的计算机。这种系统可以被内置使用基于普遍的二进制逻辑加工装置，或它们可以被最佳地展开使用新型三元计算装置。

公开（公告）号：IN3033CHE2011A

公开（公告）日：2013-06-21

申请号：IN3033CHE2011

申请日：2011-09-08

申请人：MR DHIRAJ CHOUDHURY





253、PORTABLE DEVICE AND PROCESS FOR VISUAL STIMULATION,  ON THE BASIS OF EMITTING DIODE OF LIGHT

标题（翻译）：便携式装置和方法用于视觉刺激，所述的基础上的光发射二极管

摘要：Portable device and process for visual stimulation,  on the basis of Emitting Diode of Light. The treated substance mentions a device to it and to a process for the visual stimulation,  that has as functions to carry through the visual stimulation for the eletroencefalografia examination (PEV),  eletrooculografia and/or eletrorretinografia,  amongst other applications. For these examinations,  modules of emitting diodes of light are used in accordance with (of the English,  Light Emittíng Diode or LED) located the desired application. Had to the low consumption of the device,  it can be fed by stacks or batteries. Moreover,  the device is portable and possesss an independent functioning

摘要（翻译）：便携式装置和方法用于视觉刺激，光的发光二极管的所述的基础上。该处理的物质提到一种装置以其和以一种方法用于所述的视觉刺激，其具有作为功能与携带通过该视觉刺激用于该eletroencefalografia检查(pev)，eletrooculografia和\/或eletrorretinografia，在其它应用。用于这些检查，发光二极管的模块的光被用于在根据与(该英语的，光emittí纳二极管或LED)位于所述希望的应用。具有以该低，消耗的所述的装置，它可通过堆栈或电池供给。此外，该装置是便携式和一种独立的功能中的特殊

公开（公告）号：BRPI1104700A2

公开（公告）日：2013-11-12

申请号：BRPI1104700

申请日：2011-08-31

申请人：Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais

当前法律状态：审中





254、MULTI-ROOT INPUT OUTPUT VIRTUALIZATION AWARE SWITCH

标题（翻译）：多根输入输出虚拟化感知交换机

摘要：A system having a multi protocol multi-root aware (MP-MRA) switch (102) configured to route data between multiple host processors (104) and multiple I/O devices (106) is described herein. In said embodiment,  the MP-MRIOV aware switch includes a switch routing module (108),  at least one upstream adaptive module (110),  and at least one downstream adaptive module (112). The upstream adaptive module (110) is configured to map information in a primary communication protocol to a intermediate communication protocol at which the switch routing module operates. Further,  the downstream adaptive module (112) maps the intermediate communication protocol to a secondary communication protocol at which the I/O device (106) operates.

摘要（翻译）：这里描述了一种具有多协议多根感知(MP-MRA)交换机(102)的系统，该交换机被配置为在多个主机处理器(104)和多个I/O设备(106)之间路由数据。 在所述实施例中，MP-MRIOV感知交换机包括交换机路由模块(108)、至少一个上游自适应模块(110)和至少一个下游自适应模块(112)。 上游自适应模块(110)被配置为将主通信协议中的信息映射到交换机路由模块操作的中间通信协议。 此外，下游自适应模块(112)将中间通信协议映射到I/O设备(106)操作的辅助通信协议。

公开（公告）号：US20130151750A1

公开（公告）日：2013-06-13

申请号：US13817819

申请日：2011-08-19

申请人：Balaji Kanigicherla; Dhanumjai Pasumarthy; Shabbir Haider; Tapan Vaidya; Paulraj Kanakaraj; Naga Murali Medeme

当前法律状态：暂缺





255、MULTI-ROOT INPUT OUTPUT VIRTUALIZATION AWARE SWITCH

标题（翻译）：多根输入输出虚拟化感知开关

摘要：A system having a multi protocol multi-root aware (MP-MRA) switch (102) configured to route data between multiple host processors (104) and multiple I/O devices (106) is described herein. In said embodiment,  the MP-MRIOV aware switch includes a switch routing module (108),  at least one upstream adaptive module (110),  and at least one downstream adaptive module (112). The upstream adaptive module (110) is configured to map information in a primary communication protocol to a intermediate communication protocol at which the switch routing module operates. Further,  the downstream adaptive module (112) maps the intermediate communication protocol to a secondary communication protocol at which the I/O device (106) operates.

摘要（翻译）：一系统具有一多协议多根感知(MP-MRA)开关(102)配置到多个主机之间的路由数据处理器(104)。和多个I\/O设备(106)是本文描述的。在所述实施例中，所述MP-mriov感知开关包括一开关路由模块(108)，至少一个上游自适应模块(110)，和至少一个下游自适应模块(112)。所述上游的自适应模块(110)被配置到一个主通信协议中的地图信息到一中间通信协议在其中所述开关的路由模块操作。进一步，所述下游自适应模块(112)映射所述中间通信协议以一种二次通信协议在其中所述I\/O装置(106)操作。

公开（公告）号：WO2012023149A2

公开（公告）日：2012-02-23

申请号：WOIN11000556

申请日：2011-08-19

申请人：INEDA SYSTEMS PVT LTD; KANIGICHERLA Balaji; PASUMARTHY Dhanumjai; HAIDER Shabbir; VAIDYA Tapan; KANAKARAJ Paulraj; MEDEME Naga Murali

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





256、基于FPGA的锋电位信号并行检测装置和方法

标题（翻译）：FPGA (Field Programmable Gate Array)-based spike potential signal parallel detection device and method

摘要：本发明公开了一种基于FPGA的锋电位信号并行检测装置和方法。该装置由若干个并行的模块构成，每个模块包括：信号接收器、信号分解/重构器、系数缓存器、系数处理器、信号检测器和信号输出器。该方法包括：接收待检测信号序列，并对其进行分解，得到分解后的系数序列；对分解后的系数序列进行处理，根据处理后的系数序列进行信号序列重构，从重构后信号序列中检测得到锋电位信号并输出。本发明通过实现信号分解/重构的流水处理的操作方式提高了信号处理速度，通过基于FPGA的单通道锋电位检测装置的模块化设计实现多通道的并行检测，提高了系统的处理效率。

摘要（翻译）：The patent refers to the field of ' transmission of digital information' . The invention discloses an FPGA (Field Programmable Gate Array)-based spike potential signal parallel detection device and a method. The device comprises parallel modules,  wherein each module comprises a signal receiver,  a signal decomposition/reconfiguration device,  a coefficient buffer,  a coefficient processor,  a signal detector and a signal output device. The method comprises the following steps of :  receiving a signal sequence to be detected,  and decomposing the signal sequence to be detected to obtain a decomposed coefficient sequence;  and processing the decomposed coefficient sequence,  carrying out signal sequence reconstruction to the processed coefficient sequence,  detecting the reconstructed signal sequence to obtain a spike potential signal,  and outputting the spike potential signal. According to the invention,  the signal processing speed is improved by realizing the operation mode of the pipeline processing of the signal decomposition/reconstruction,  and the multi-channel parallel detection is realized by a modularized design of the FPGA-based single-channel spike potential signal parallel detection device,  so that the processing efficiency of a system is improved.

公开（公告）号：CN102394844A

公开（公告）日：2012-03-28

申请号：CN201110229624.7

申请日：2011-08-11

申请人：浙江大学

当前法律状态：授权





257、ANTICANCER DERIVATIVES,  PREPARATION THEREOF AND THERAPEUTIC USE THEREOF

标题（翻译）：抗癌衍生物，及其制备方法和及其治疗用途

摘要：The present invention relates to conjugales of pyrrolo[1, 4]benzodiazepine (PBD) dimers,  to compositions containing them and to their therapeutic use,  especially as anticancer agents. The invention also relates to the process for preparing the conjugates and to their use as anticancer agents,  and also to the dimers themselves. Formula (I) in which  :  represents a single bond or a double bond.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及的conjugales吡咯并[1，4]苯并二氮杂(pbd)二聚体，以含有它们的组合物和以它们的治疗用途，特别是作为抗癌剂。本发明还涉及该方法用于制备所述缀合物和以它们的使用作为抗癌剂，和也对该二聚体本身。式(I)其中 : 代表一单键或双键。

公开（公告）号：WO2012014147A1

公开（公告）日：2012-02-02

申请号：WOIB11053310

申请日：2011-07-25

申请人：SANOFI; COMMERÇON Alain; GAUZY LAZO Laurence; HUBERT Philippe

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





258、Neural network data filtering and monitoring systems and methods

标题（翻译）：神经网络数据滤波和监测系统和方法

摘要：Systems and methods are disclosed for filtering data in a neural network environment to filter out inappropriate content. In some embodiments,  a data signal including a sensible representation is received. The sensible representation included in the data signal is produced in a sensible format. From the sensible representation in the sensible format,  a clean copy of the sensible representation can be generated such that any inappropriate content present within the received data signal is not reproduced in the clean copy. Optionally,  additional filtering can occur before and/or after the generating of the clean copy. The (filtered) clean copy of the sensible representation is sent to a network. Embodiments can permit the filtering of input to and/or output from a network.

摘要（翻译）：公开了用于在神经网络环境中过滤数据以过滤出不适当内容的系统和方法。 在一些实施例中，接收包括可感知表示的数据信号。 以合理的格式产生包括在数据信号中的合理的表示。 根据以可感知格式的可感知表示，可生成可感知表示的干净拷贝，使得在干净拷贝中不再现存在于所接收的数据信号内的任何不适当的内容。 可选地，额外的过滤可以在清洁副本的生成之前和/或之后发生。 Sensible表示的(过滤的)干净副本被发送到网络。 实施例可以允许对到网络的输入和/或来自网络的输出进行过滤。

公开（公告）号：US8516568B2

公开（公告）日：2013-08-20

申请号：US13163384

申请日：2011-06-17

申请人：Elliot D Cohen

当前法律状态：暂缺





259、ANTIBACTERIAL MEDICAL PRODUCT AND ITS MANUFACTURING METHOD

标题（翻译）：抗菌医用制品及其制造方法

摘要：FIELD :  medicine.SUBSTANCE :  series of inventions relates to medicine. Medical product is described with antibacterial biocide coating of solid material applied to a base. This coating from solid material includes at least one inner layer and one external layer,  wherein concentration of biocide in outer layer is essentially constant and more,  than biocide concentration in inner layer,  and biocide concentration in inner layer is greater than or equal to 0.2 atm%.EFFECT :  coating has improved adhesion to substrate.9 cl,  6 dwg,  1 ex

摘要（翻译）：领域 : 医药物质。本发明涉及药物系列。描述了一种具有抗菌医疗产品的杀菌层的固体材料涂敷于底座。该涂料由固体材料包括至少一个内层和一个外层，所述外层中杀微生物剂浓度基本不变或更低，比内层中的杀生物剂浓度，与内层中的杀生物剂浓度为大于或等于0.2atm%。作用 : 涂料具有改进粘合性的substrate.9Cl，6的DWG，1

公开（公告）号：RU2604123C2

公开（公告）日：2016-12-10

申请号：RU2013105476

申请日：2011-05-16

申请人：ERLIKON SERFIZ SOLJUSHNZ AG PFEFFIKON

当前法律状态：暂缺





260、Antibacterial medical product and method for producing same

标题（翻译）：抗菌医疗产品及其制造方法

摘要：The present invention relates to a medical product,  comprising an antibacterial hard material coating,  which is applied to a main body and which comprises biocide. Said hard material coating includes at least one inner layer and one outer layer,  wherein the biocide concentration in the outer layer is substantially constant and greater than the biocide concentration in the inner layer and the biocide concentration in the inner layer is greater than or equal to 0.2 at %.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种医疗产品，包括涂敷在主体上的抗菌硬质材料涂层，所述抗菌硬质材料涂层包括杀菌剂。 所述硬质材料涂层包括至少一个内层和一个外层，其中外层中的杀生物剂浓度基本恒定且大于内层中的杀生物剂浓度，内层中的杀生物剂浓度大于或等于0.2at%。

公开（公告）号：US10143196B2

公开（公告）日：2018-12-04

申请号：US13809644

申请日：2011-05-16

申请人：OERLIKON SURFACE SOLUTIONS AG PFÄFFIKON

当前法律状态：暂缺





261、Base plate for fixing foot of interior electric rear view mirror on inner face of windscreen of car,  has front portion with housing that receives pellets of electrically conductive adhesive,  which assist coupling of terminals with strips

标题（翻译）：用于固定脚的内部基板的内表面上电后视镜汽车的挡风玻璃，具有前部分的电导电粘合剂与壳体，其接收粒料，其辅助的耦合端子与条

摘要：A base plate (EFF) is intended to allow the fixing of a foot (pi) of an interior rear view mirror (IH),  including/understanding an electrical circuit connected on at least two terminals (BC1-BC2),  on a windshield (PB) of vehicle equipped with at least two tracks (PC1-PC2) conducting intended to be coupled to these terminals (BC1-BC2). This base plate (EFF) is carried out in a nonconducting material electrically and includes/understands,  on the one hand,  a back part (PR) provided with crossing holes (T1-T2) of number equal to the number of terminals (BC1-BC2) and intended to be placed respectively compared to zones of foot (pi) which give access terminals (BC1-BC2),  and,  on the other hand,  a part before (statement) provided with at least a housing (L) communicating with the crossing holes (T1-T2) and clean electrically to receive pellets (BO1-BO2) of a conducting adhesive,  of which the number is equal to the number of terminals (BC1-BC2) and intended for to contact tracks (PC1-PC2) and to take part in the electric coupling of terminals (BC1-BC2) to tracks (PC1-PC2).

摘要（翻译）：一基板(eff)是用于以允许所述的一种固定脚的一个内部后视镜(pi)(ih)，包括\/理解一个电气电路连接在至少两个端子上(bc1-bc2)，一种车辆挡风玻璃的(pb)上设置与在至少两个轨道(PC1-PC2)传导预期到被耦合到这些端子(bc1-bc2)。该基板中进行(eff)是一个不导电材料电和包括\/理解，在所述一个手，一种后部分(pr)设置有交叉的孔(T1-T2)的数量等于所述的端子(bc1-bc2数)和预期到被放置分别进行比较，以访问端子脚(pi)它给出的区域(bc1-bc2)，和，在所述其它手，一种前部分(语句)设置与在至少一个外壳(l)与所述交叉连通孔(T1-T2)和清洁的电到接收粒料(bo1-bo2)的一种导电粘合剂，其所述数目是等于到所述的数量的端子(bc1-bc2)和打算用于以接触轨道(PC1-PC2)所述中和到取出部的端子(bc1-bc2)电耦合到轨道(PC1-PC2)。

公开（公告）号：FR2973310A1

公开（公告）日：2012-10-05

申请号：FR11052874

申请日：2011-04-04

申请人：PEUGEOT CITROEN AUTOMOBILES SA

当前法律状态：暂缺





262、用于运动康复的方法和系统

标题（翻译）：A method and system for motor rehabilitation

摘要：本发明提供了一种对运动想象检测模块进行校准的方法和用于运动康复的系统。该方法包括：从对象获取脑电图(EEG)数据；从EEG数据中选择分类特征；其中，特征选择包括通过M个子类xj，j=1，…，M对对象的空闲状态ωn进行建模。

摘要（翻译）：A method of calibrating a motor imagery detection module and a system for motor rehabilitation are provided. The method comprises acquiring Electroencephalography (EEG) data from a subject and selecting classification features from the EEG data;  wherein the feature selection comprises modelling an idle state omega n of the subject by M sub-classes chij,  j = 1, ..., M.

公开（公告）号：CN103429145A

公开（公告）日：2013-12-04

申请号：CN201180025248.8

申请日：2011-03-31

申请人：新加坡科技研究局; 陈笃生医院有限公司

当前法律状态：授权





263、A METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR MOTOR REHABILITATION

标题（翻译）：用于运动康复的方法和系统

摘要：A method of calibrating a motor imagery detection module and a system for motor rehabilitation are provided. The method comprises acquiring Electroencephalography (EEG) data from a subject;  selecting classification features from the EEG data;  wherein the feature selection comprises modelling an idle state ωn of the subject by M sub-classes χj,  j=1,  . . . ,  M.

摘要（翻译）：一种运动想象检测模块进行校准的方法和系统，提供了用于运动康复。该方法包括从对象获取脑电图(EEG)数据；从EEG数据中选择分类特征；所述特征选择包括所述对象的空闲状态ωn进行建模，通过M个子类χJ，j=1，。。。，M。

公开（公告）号：EP2552305B1

公开（公告）日：2017-05-17

申请号：EP11716088

申请日：2011-03-31

申请人：Agency for Science Technology and Research; National Healthcare Group Pte Ltd

当前法律状态：部分专利在指定国家失效





264、PERFORMANCE SYSTEM AND COMPUTER PROGRAM

标题（翻译）：性能的系统和计算机程序

摘要：PROBLEM TO BE SOLVED :  To provide a performance system that allows easier visual comprehension and easier operation even for those less skilled in playing musical instruments.SOLUTION :  A performance system includes mode selection means 110,  120,  130-1 through 130-N for selecting a performance mode,  and input means including :  abstract musical tone input means 150-1 through 150-Q for inputting an input musical tone being one unit or a sequence of abstract musical tones;  abstract chord input means 180-1 through 180-R for inputting an input chord being one unit or a sequence of abstract chords;  performance signal input means 160 for inputting the input musical tone or input chord through receiving a performance signal from an external device. Further,  the performance system includes performance control means that converts the inputted input musical tone and input chord,  in accordance with a corresponding function previously set to the performance mode,  to an output musical tone being at least one unit or a sequence of concrete musical tones to be audio-outputted to outside so as to generate and output a performance signal indicating the converted output musical tone.COPYRIGHT :  (C)2013, JPO&INPIT

摘要（翻译）：要解决的问题 : 以提供一种性能的系统，它允许更容易视觉理解和更易于操作，即使用于那些在播放音乐仪器领域技术人员少。溶液 : 一种性能的系统，包括模式选择装置110，120，130-1通过130-N用于选择一种性能模式，和输入装置包括 : 摘要乐音输入装置150-1通过150-Q用于输入一个输入的乐音被一个单元或抽象的一序列音乐音调; 抽象弦输入装置180-1通过180-R用于输入一个输入的弦被一个单元或一序列抽象弦; 性能的信号输入装置160用于输入所输入的乐音或通过接收性能的信号输入的和弦从一外部装置。进一步，所述性能的系统，包括性能控制装置，其将所输入的输入音乐音调和输入的和弦，在根据一预先设定为所述性能模式对应的功能，以输出音乐音调被至少一个混凝土的单元或一序列音乐音调，以被音频-输出到外部，以产生和输出一个性能的信号指示所述转换输出的乐音。版权 : (C)2013，inpit

公开（公告）号：JP2012215615A

公开（公告）日：2012-11-08

申请号：JP2011079116

申请日：2011-03-31

申请人：KANEKO MASAKATA ECKHERT

当前法律状态：有效





265、METHOD OF FEEDING BACK MU-CQI IN A COMMUNICATION SYSTEM,  TRANSMISSION POINT DEVICE,  AND USER EQUIPMENT

标题（翻译）：反馈的方法μ-CQI一种通信系统中，传输点装置，和用户设备

摘要：There are provided a method,  user equipment,  and transmission point device for feeding back channel quality indicator (MU-CQI) to the transmission point in a communication system including the transmission point and a plurality of user equipments,  the method comprising steps :  the transmission point sending a message to an intended user equipment of the plurality of user equipments;  and the intended user equipment calculating the MU-CQI based on the message,  and feeding back the MU-CQI to the transmission point. The present disclosure enables dynamic MU operation,  and improves link adaptation performance with marginal downlink overhead. And the accuracy is not limited by codebook size.

摘要（翻译）：(对象)传输中的点和多个用户设备的一种通信系统，其包括，信道质量指示符(μ-CQI)和用于发送一个反馈点的方法，用户设备和，传输点，以提供一装置。(结构)本发明的方法所述; 在下文中的步骤，即，发送点是，多个用户设备的所述的主题，并发送一个消息以一用户的机器，用户设备可以对象，基于一个消息μ-CQI计算所述，用于发送的反馈点μ-CQI其包括，根据本发明，动态μ，同时所述系统是运算，下行链路的稍微开销。被形成在一链路适配，此外，通过所述尺寸精度码本是不限制。

公开（公告）号：KR1020140009314A

公开（公告）日：2014-01-22

申请号：KR1020137021705

申请日：2011-03-31

申请人：PANASONIC CORP

当前法律状态：有效





266、METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR MOTOR REHABILITATION

标题（翻译）：用于运动康复的方法和系统

摘要：A method of calibrating a motor imagery detection module and a system for motor rehabilitation are provided. The method comprises acquiring Electroencephalography (EEG) data from a subject;  selecting classification features from the EEG data;  wherein the feature selection comprises modelling an idle state ωn of the subject by M sub-classes χj,  j=1,  . . . ,  M.

摘要（翻译）：提供了一种校准运动图像检测模块的方法和用于运动康复的系统。 该方法包括从受试者获取脑电图(EEG)数据； 从EEG数据中选择分类特征； 其中所述特征选择包括通过m个子类χj，j=1来建模所述对象的空闲状态ωn。 。。。，M。

公开（公告）号：US20140018694A1

公开（公告）日：2014-01-16

申请号：US13638352

申请日：2011-03-31

申请人：NATIONAL HEALTH CARE GROUP PTE LTD; AGENCY FOR SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH

当前法律状态：暂缺





267、A METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR MOTOR REHABILITATION

标题（翻译）：用于运动康复的方法和系统

摘要：A method of calibrating a motor imagery detection module and a system for motor rehabilitation are provided. The method comprises acquiring Electroencephalography (EEG) data from a subject;  selecting classification features from the EEG data;  wherein the feature selection comprises modelling an idle state ωn of the subject by M sub-classes ϰj,  j = 1, ..., M.

摘要（翻译）：一种运动想象检测模块进行校准的方法和用于运动康复的系统被提供。该方法包括从对象获取脑电图(EEG)数据，从EEG数据中选择分类特征，其中，所述特征选择包括所述对象的空闲状态ωn M个子类？J，J≤1，…M。

公开（公告）号：WO2011123072A1

公开（公告）日：2011-10-06

申请号：WOSG11000137

申请日：2011-03-31

申请人：AGENCY FOR SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH; NATIONAL HEALTHCARE GROUP PTE LTD; ANG Kai Keng; GUAN Cuntai; CHUA Sui Geok Karen; WANG Chuanchu; TAN Hock Guan Adrian; PHUA Kok Soon; ZHANG Haihong; CHIN Zheng Yang

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





268、METHOD OF FEEDING BACK MU-CQI IN A COMMUNICATION SYSTEM,  TRANSMISSION POINT DEVICE,  AND USER EQUIPMENT

标题（翻译）：反馈的方法μ-CQI一种通信系统中，传输点装置，和用户设备

摘要：There are provided a method,  user equipment,  and transmission point device for feeding back channel quality indicator (MU-CQI) to the transmission point in a communication system including the transmissin point and a plurality of user equipments,  the method comprising steps :  the transmission point sending a message to an intended user equipment of the plurality of user equipments;  and the intended user equipment calculating the MU-CQI based on the message,  and feeding back the MU-CQI to the transmission point. The present disclosure enables dynamic MU operation,  and improves link adaptation performance with marginal downlink overhead. And the accuracy is not limited by codebook size.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种方法，用户设备，和传输点装置，用于反馈信道质量指示符(μ-CQI)到所述一种通信系统中传输点包括所述传输点和多个用户的设备，该方法包括步骤 : 所述的发送点发送一个消息到预期的用户的所述多个用户设备的设备; 和基于所述μ-CQI所预期的用户设备计算该消息上，和反馈所述μ-的CQI发送给所述传输点。本发明使得动态μ操作，和提高链路适配与边缘下行链路性能开销。和所述通过码本尺寸精度是不限制。

公开（公告）号：WO2012129803A1

公开（公告）日：2012-10-04

申请号：WOCN11072332

申请日：2011-03-31

申请人：PANASONIC CORPORATION; TONG Hui; XU Ming; HOSHINO Masayuki; IMAMURA Daichi

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





269、SURFACE CLEANING AND SELECTIVE DEPOSITION OF METAL-CONTAINING CAP LAYERS FOR SEMICONDUCTOR DEVICES

标题（翻译）：含金属的表面清洗和选择性淀积帽层用于半导体器件

摘要：A method is provided for integrating metal-containing cap layers into copper (Cu) metallization of semiconductor devices. In one embodiment,  the method includes providing a planarized patterned substrate containing metal surfaces and dielectric layer surfaces with a residue formed thereon,  removing the residue from the planarized patterned substrate,  and depositing metal- containing cap layers selectively on the metal surfaces by exposing the dielectric layer surfaces and the metal surfaces to a deposition gas containing metal-containing precursor vapor. The removing includes treating the planarized patterned substrate containing the residue with a reactant gas containing a hydrophobic functional group,  and exposing the treated planarized patterned substrate to a reducing gas.

摘要（翻译）：一种方法是提供用于积分含金属帽层为铜(Cu)金属化的半导体器件。在一个实施例中，该方法包括提供一平坦化的含金属图案化的衬底表面和介电层表面与在其上形成一残留物，除去该残留物从该平坦化的图案化基板，和淀积含金属帽层选择性地在所述的金属表面暴露所述介电层表面和所述金属表面以一沉积气体含有含金属前体气相。所述去除包括含该平坦化的图案化基板处理该残留物与一种反应气体包含一种疏水功能组，和所述处理过的平坦化的曝光构图的衬底以一减少气体。

公开（公告）号：WO2011123368A1

公开（公告）日：2011-10-06

申请号：WOUS11030115

申请日：2011-03-26

申请人：TOKYO ELECTRON LIMITED; TOHNOE Kazuhito; CERIO Frank M

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





270、ATOMIC LAYER DEPOSITION OF SILICON AND SILICON-CONTAINING FILMS

标题（翻译）：含硅和硅原子层沉积的膜

摘要：A method is provided for depositing silicon and silicon-containing films by atomic layer deposition (ALD). The method includes disposing the substrate in a batch processing system configured for performing ALD of the silicon-containing film,  exposing the substrate to a non-saturating amount of a first precursor containing silicon,  and evacuating or purging the first precursor from the batch processing system. The method further includes exposing the substrate to a saturating amount of a second precursor containing silicon or a dopant,  where only one of the first and second precursors contain a halogen,  and a reaction of the first and second precursors on the substrate forms a silicon or silicon-containing film and a volatile hydrogen-halogen (HX) by-product,  evacuating or purging the second precursor and the HX by-product from the batch processing system,  and repeating the exposing and evacuation or purging steps until the silicon or silicon-containing film has a desired thickness.

摘要（翻译）：一种方法是提供用于沉积含硅和硅膜通过原子层沉积(ALD)。该方法包括将所述衬底在一个批量处理系统被配置用于执行所述含硅的ALD薄膜; 暴露该基板以一非饱和的含硅量一第一的前体，和抽真空或吹扫第一的前体从所述批量处理系统。该方法还包括暴露所述衬底到一个饱和量一第二的含硅前体或一种掺杂剂，其中仅一个第一和第二的前体含有一种卤素，和一反应的第一和第二所述衬底上形成前体一含硅或硅膜和一易失性通过(hx)氢-卤素-产品，抽空或净化第二的前体和所述HX-产品从所述批量处理系统，并重复所述曝光和抽空或净化步骤直到该含硅或硅膜具有一期望的厚度。

公开（公告）号：WO2011123369A1

公开（公告）日：2011-10-06

申请号：WOUS11030116

申请日：2011-03-26

申请人：TOKYO ELECTRON LIMITED; JOE Raymond; GANDHI Meenakshisundaram

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





271、METHOD AND DEVICE FOR INTERFACE BRAIN-COMPUTER

标题（翻译）：工艺和装置，用于接口Cérebro-computador

摘要：Method and device for interface brain-computer the present invention provides an interface brain-computer as an alternative communication channel to be used in various applications,  such as the robotic. Upon completion of the invention in a,  there is provided a method for the analysis and conversion of EEG signals obtained from the brain in movement commands through electrical and/or mechanical. The process of the present invention provides substantial advantages over known in the art like/technique,  such as a rate of hit average of 91%,  obtained in attempts to control a movable robot. In another upon completion of the invention,  there is provided a apparatus comprising :  means for providing signals brain;  an electroencephalograph (the EEG);  and transducer means of said signals into functional commands useful in various applications. The said transducer means signals is the hub of the invention mentation,  and provides a number of technical advantages over similar techniques known in the art/identification of mental activities

摘要（翻译）：工艺和装置，用于接口Cérebro-computador所述本发明提供到一个接口脑-计算机作为一种可供选择的通信通道以被用于多种应用中，这种作为所述机器人技术。在本发明的一个固结，它是供给以一种方法，所述的脑得到的分析和转换的信号从所述脑的命令中的运动通过电和\/或机械装置。本发明所述的所述的方法提供到系统\/公知的类似技术上相当大的优点在所述技术相比，这种作为一个平均的税91%正确性，得到的尝试中，以控制一移动机器人，在另一固结本发明的，一个装置是供给理解 : 用于所述的获得的半脑信号，一个eletroencefalograma(eeg); E所述的transduo所述信号的一半在一些应用中有用的功能指令。所述半所述的一些transduo本发明的所述金属的信号是cerne，和提供到优点的技术在系统的一个数\/公知的类似在该技术的智力活动的识别技术

公开（公告）号：BRPI1100261A2

公开（公告）日：2014-04-29

申请号：BRPI1100261

申请日：2011-02-28

申请人：Faculdades Católicas Mantenedora da Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio de Janeiro-PUC RIO

当前法律状态：审中





272、PROCESS FOR PREPARING EFAVIRENZ

标题（翻译）：依法韦仑的方法，用于制备

摘要：The invention disclosed a 4 step process for the preparation of Efavirenz,  starting from 1, 4-dichlorobenzene,  and its intermediates.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了一种依法韦仑4所述的制备步骤的方法，开始从1，4-二氯苯，和其中间体。

公开（公告）号：WO2012079235A1

公开（公告）日：2012-06-21

申请号：WOCN10079855

申请日：2010-12-16

申请人：LONZA LTD; LONZA GUANGZHOU RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CENTER LTD; DAI Danmei (Joanna); LONG Sea; KULESZ Anna; REICHWAGEN; LUO Bing; GUO Yanming

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





273、APPARATUS AND METHOD TO TRANSMIT/RECEIVE BROADCAST CONTROL INFORMATION IN A MOBILE COMMUNICATION SYSTEM

标题（翻译）：设备和方法，以发送\/接收一移动通讯系统中的广播控制信息

摘要：PURPOSE :  A broadcast control information transmitting/receiving method and an apparatus thereof in a mobile communication system are provided to perform set-H related operation by using the previously received set-H.CONSTITUTION :  An AMS(Advanced Mobile Station) inspects failure of L-BCI(Long-Broadcast Control Information) reception by using S-BCI(Short-Broadcast Control Information)(213). The AMS recognizes that an operation which is related to the set-H is not performed(215, 219). The AMS recognizes that the operation related to the set-H is performed(217).COPYRIGHT KIPO 2012

摘要（翻译）：目的 : 一广播控制信息发送\/接收方法和一种装置，其在一移动通讯系统被提供给执行一组-H相关的操作通过使用先前接收的一组-H。结构 : AMS(先进的移动站)检查故障的L-BCI(长-广播使用S-BCI)接收的控制信息(短-广播控制信息)(213)。AMS识别出一个操作，其被相关的所述一组-H是不进行(215, 219)。AMS识别出该操作相关的所述设定-H被执行(217)。版权kipo2012

公开（公告）号：KR1020120049086A

公开（公告）日：2012-05-16

申请号：KR1020100110677

申请日：2010-11-08

申请人：SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS CO LTD

当前法律状态：未授权失效





274、WIRELESS COMMUNICATION METHOD,  WIRELESS COMMUNICATION TERMINAL AND BASE STATION

标题（翻译）：无线通信方法、无线通信终端及基站

摘要：A wireless communication method,  a terminal and a base station are provided. The method includes the step of transmitting a plurality of best companion pre-coding matrix indexs (BCIs) and corresponding delta channel quality indicators (ΔCQIs) from the terminal to the base station,  wherein the period of frames for transmitting the plurality of BCIs is larger than the period of frames for transmitting a single BCI. The method,  terminal and base station according to the present disclosure can greatly increase scheduling flexibility at base station side and improve MU-MIMO performance without increasing feedback overhead of channels.

摘要（翻译）：提供了一种无线通信方法、终端和基站。 该方法包括从终端向基站发送多个最佳伴随预编码矩阵索引和相应的Δ信道质量指示符的步骤，其中用于发送多个最佳伴随预编码矩阵索引的帧的周期大于用于发送单个BCI的帧的周期。 根据本发明的方法、终端和基站可以在不增加信道反馈开销的情况下，大大提高基站侧的调度灵活性，改善MU-MIMO性能。

公开（公告）号：US20130176948A1

公开（公告）日：2013-07-11

申请号：US13821799

申请日：2010-11-04

申请人：PANASONIC CORPORATION

当前法律状态：暂缺





275、WIRELESS COMMUNICATION METHOD,  WIRELESS COMMUNICATION TERMINAL AND BASE STATION

标题（翻译）：无线通信方法，无线通信终端和基站

摘要：A wireless communication method,  a terminal and a base station are provided. The method includes the step of transmitting a plurality of best companion pre-coding matrix indexes (BCIs) and corresponding delta channel quality indicators (ΔCQIs) from the terminal to the base station,  wherein the cycle of frames for transmitting the plurality of BCIs is longer than the cycle of frames for transmitting a single BCI. The method,  terminal and base station according to the present disclosure can greatly increase scheduling flexibility at the base station side and improve MU-MIMO performance without increasing feedback overhead of channels.

摘要（翻译）：无线通信方法，终端和基站被提供。该方法包括步骤 : 发送多个最佳伴随的预编码矩阵索引BCI和相应的差分信道质量指示符(ΔCQI)从所述终端到基站，所述周期的帧，用于发送多个BCI的帧，用于发送周期长于单BCI，所述方法，终端和基站根据本发明，可以大大提高基站侧和调度灵活性提高MU-MIMO性能而不增加信道的反馈开销。

公开（公告）号：WO2012031422A1

公开（公告）日：2012-03-15

申请号：WOCN10078425

申请日：2010-11-04

申请人：PANASONIC CORPORATION; TONG Hui; XU Ming; HOSHINO Masayuki; NAKAO Seigo; IMAMURA Daichi

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





276、PLASMA ION IMPLANTATION PROCESS FOR PATTERNED DISC MEDIA APPLICATIONS

标题（翻译）：等离子体离子注入工艺，用于在图案化的盘媒体的应用

摘要：Processes and apparatus of forming patterns including magnetic and non-magnetic domains on a magnetically susceptible surface on a substrate are provided. In one embodiment,  a method of forming a pattern of magnetic domains on a magnetically susceptible material disposed on a substrate includes exposing a first portion of a magnetically susceptible layer to a plasma formed from a gas mixture,  wherein the gas mixture includes at least a halogen containing gas and a hydrogen containing gas for a time sufficient to modify a magnetic property of the first portion of the magnetically susceptible layer exposed through a mask layer from a first state to a second state.

摘要（翻译）：处理和形成图案的装置包括磁性和非磁畴磁敏感的表面上的一基板上被提供。在一个实施例中，一个磁畴的形成一图案的方法在一磁敏感材料设置在一衬底包括一个磁敏感层的暴露一第一部分，以形成一等离子体从气体混合物; 其中所述气体混合物包括至少一种含卤素气体和一种含氢气体用于一个足够长的时间以修改的一个磁特性第一所述磁敏感层的暴露部分通过一掩模层从一第一状态到一个第二状态。

公开（公告）号：WO2011056815A2

公开（公告）日：2011-05-12

申请号：WOUS10055206

申请日：2010-11-03

申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; HILKENE Martin A; SCOTNEY CASTLE Matthew D; GOUK Roman; VERHAVERBEKE Steven

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





277、GAS DISTRIBUTION SHOWERHEAD AND METHOD OF CLEANING

标题（翻译）：喷头气体分布和方法的清洁

摘要：During a deposition process,  material may deposit not only on the substrate,  but also on other chamber components. In a MOCVD chamber,  one of those components is the gas distribution showerhead. The showerhead may be cleaned by bombarding the showerhead with radicals generated by a plasma that includes an inert gas and chlorine. In order to generate the plasma,  the showerhead may be negatively biased or floating relative to the substrate support. The showerhead may comprise stainless steel and be coated with a ceramic coating.

摘要（翻译）：沉积过程期间，材料可以沉积不仅该基板上，但还在其它室部件。在一MOCVD室，一个喷头的那些部件是所述气体分布。所述喷淋头可以通过轰击清洗所述喷头与由等离子体产生的自由基，其包括一种惰性气体和氯。为了产生等离子体，所述喷淋头可以被负偏置的或浮动相对于所述基板支撑。所述喷淋头可以包括不锈钢和被涂覆有陶瓷涂层。

公开（公告）号：WO2011031556A2

公开（公告）日：2011-03-17

申请号：WOUS10047009

申请日：2010-08-27

申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; HANAWA Hiroji; MAUNG Kyawwin Jason; CHUNG Hua

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





278、Method of manufacturing semiconductor device,  cleaning method,  and substrate processing apparatus

标题（翻译）：半导体器件的制造方法、清洗方法及基板处理装置

摘要：It is possible to efficiently remove deposited materials such as a conductive film or insulting film adhered to parts such as the inner wall of a processing chamber and a substrate supporting tool disposed in the processing chamber. There is provided a method of manufacturing a semiconductor device. The method comprises :  loading a substrate into a processing chamber;  forming a conductive film or an insulating film on the substrate by supplying a plurality of source gases into the processing chamber;  unloading the substrate from the processing chamber;  and modifying a conductive film or an insulating film adhered to the processing chamber by supplying a modifying gas into the processing chamber. After performing a cycle of the loading,  the forming,  the unloading,  and the modifying processes a plurality of times,  the modified conductive film or the modified insulating film adhered to the processing chamber is removed from the processing chamber by supplying a cleaning gas into the processing chamber.

摘要（翻译）：可以有效地去除附着在诸如处理室的内壁和设置在处理室中的衬底支撑工具的部分上的沉积材料，例如导电膜或绝缘膜。 提供了一种制造半导体器件的方法。 所述方法包括 : 将衬底装入处理室； 通过向所述处理室中供给多个源气体在所述基板上形成导电膜或绝缘膜； 从所述处理室卸载所述衬底； 以及通过向处理室中供给改性气体来改性粘附到处理室的导电膜或绝缘膜。 在执行多次的装载、成形、卸载和改性处理的循环之后，通过将清洁气体供应到处理腔室中而从处理腔室移除粘附到处理腔室的改性导电膜或改性绝缘膜。

公开（公告）号：US9238257B2

公开（公告）日：2016-01-19

申请号：US12862180

申请日：2010-08-24

申请人：Hitachi Kokusai Electric Inc





279、MULTI-ROOT INPUT OUTPUT VIRTUALIZATION AWARE SWITCH

标题（翻译）：多根输入输出虚拟化感知开关

摘要：A system having a multi protocol multi-root aware (MP-MRA) switch (102) configured to route data between multiple host processors (104) and multiple I/O devices (106) is described herein. In said embodiment,  the MP-MRIOV aware switch includes a switch routing module (108),  at least one upstream adaptive module (110),  and at least one downstream adaptive module (112). The upstream adaptive module (110) is configured to map information in a primary communication protocol to a intermediate communication protocol at which the switch routing module operates. Further,  the downstream adaptive module (112) maps the intermediate communication protocol to a secondary communication protocol at which the I/O device (106) operates.

摘要（翻译）：一系统具有一个多协议多根感知(MP-mra)开关(102)配置到多个主机之间的数据路径处理器(104)和多个I\/输出装置(106)是本文所描述的。在所述实施例中，所述MP-mriov感知开关包括一个开关路由模块(108)，在至少一个上游自适应模块(110)，和在至少一个下游自适应模块(112)。所述上游的自适应模块(110)被配置以地图信息在一个主通信协议到一中间通信协议在其中所述开关路由模块操作，进一步，所述下游自适应模块(112)映射所述中间通信协议以一种二次通信协议在其中所述输入\/输出装置(106)操作。

公开（公告）号：IN2395CHE2010A

公开（公告）日：2012-07-13

申请号：IN2395CHE2010

申请日：2010-08-19

申请人：INEDA SYSTEMS PVT LTD





280、STRUCTURE AND METHOD FOR ACHIEVING SELECTIVE ETCHING IN (Ga, A1, In, B)N LASER DIODES

标题（翻译）：用于实现结构和方法中选择性刻蚀(Ga，A1，中，B)N激光二极管

摘要：A structure and method that can be used to achieve selective etching in (Ga, A1, In, B)N laser diodes,  comprising fabricating (Ga, A1, In, B)N laser diodes with one or more Al-containing etch stop layers.

摘要（翻译）：一种结构和方法，其可以被用于实现选择性蚀刻在(Ga，A1，中，B)N激光二极管，包括制造(Ga，A1，中，B)N激光二极管与一个或多个含Al蚀刻停止层。

公开（公告）号：WO2011071568A2

公开（公告）日：2011-06-16

申请号：WOUS10046015

申请日：2010-08-19

申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA; FARRELL Robert M; HAEGER Daniel A; HSU Po Shan; MISHRA Umesh K; DENBAARS Steven P; SPECK James S; NAKAMURA Shuji

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





281、BIOMARKERS FOR GOSSYPOL CHEMOTHERAPY AND METHODS OF TREATING DISEASE

标题（翻译）：生物标志物用于棉酚，化疗和治疗疾病的方法

摘要：The present invention provides a biomarker for selecting a patient for treatment with gossypol,  wherein the biomarker comprises an elevated expression level of c-Myc,  Mcl-1,  or combination thereof,  relative to the normal expression level of c-Myc,  Mcl-1,  or combination thereof. The present invention also provides methods for targeting patients for treatment with gossypol,  wherein the patient has a disease,  condition,  or disorder that overexpresses c-Myc,  Mcl-1,  or combination thereof. The present invention also provides methods for treating or ameliorating a disease,  condition,  or disorder in a patient comprising determining the expression level of c-Myc,  Mcl-1,  or combination thereof in the patient and administering gossypol to the patient. In certain embodiments of the invention,  the disease is cancer,  and the cancer cells show elevated expression levels of c-Myc compared to non-cancerous cells. The invention also provides methods for overcoming Mcl-1-mediated chemoresistance comprising administering gossypol to a patient in need thereof.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种生物标志物用于选择一种患者存在用于治疗与棉酚，其中所述的生物标志物包括一种升高C-c-myc的表达水平，mcl-1，或其组合，相对于该正常表达水平的C-c-myc，mcl-1，或其组合。本发明还提供了用于靶向患者的方法用于治疗与棉酚，其中所述患者具有一种疾病，条件下，或障碍的过量表达C-c-myc，mcl-1，或其组合。本发明还提供了用于治疗或改善的疾病的方法，条件，或障碍的患者中包含确定所述的C-c-myc表达水平，mcl-1，或它们的组合在所述患者和给药的棉酚对该患者。在本发明的某些实施方案中，所述疾病是癌症，和所述癌症细胞显示升高的表达水平; C-c-myc相比，对非癌性的细胞。本发明还提供了方法用于克服mcl-1-介导的化学方法包括给予棉酚与一种患者在需要的。

公开（公告）号：WO2011017145A2

公开（公告）日：2011-02-10

申请号：WOUS10043477

申请日：2010-07-28

申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN; WANG Shaomeng; JIANG Feng; LONG Jianting; BAI Longchuan

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





282、METHODS FOR ENHANCING ANTIGEN-SPECIFIC IMMUNE RESPONSES

标题（翻译）：方法用于增强抗原-特异性免疫应答

摘要：Methods for delivering naked DNA vaccines to enhance immune responses,  by improving transfection efficiency without safety concerns associated with live viral vectors,  are described. A method may comprise administering to a mammalian subject an effective amount of a papillomavirus pseudovirion,  wherein the papillomavirus pseudovirion comprises at least one papillomavirus capsid protein encapsidating a naked DNA vaccine,  wherein the naked DNA vaccine comprises a first nucleic acid encoding at least one antigen,  thereby enhancing the antigen specific immune response relative to administration of the naked DNA vaccine.

摘要（翻译）：用于输送裸露的DNA疫苗的方法，以增强免疫应答，通过提高转染效率不相关的安全问题与活病毒载体，是描述。一种方法可以包括对一种哺乳动物对象给药的有效量的一种乳头瘤病毒的假病毒，其中该乳头瘤病毒假病毒包括至少一个乳头瘤病毒衣壳蛋白encapsidating的裸DNA疫苗，其中所述的裸DNA疫苗包括一种第一的核酸编码至少一种抗原，从而增强所述抗原特异性免疫应答的相对到给药的所述裸DNA疫苗。

公开（公告）号：WO2011017162A2

公开（公告）日：2011-02-10

申请号：WOUS10043544

申请日：2010-07-28

申请人：THE JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY; WU Tzyy Choou; HUNG Chien Fu; RODEN Richard

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





283、CELLS,  COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS

标题（翻译）：细胞，组合物和方法。

摘要：Method of producing induced T-to-Natural-Killer [ITNK] cells,  target T cells and/or target pro-T cells from T cells and/or pro-T cellswhich method involvesmodulating the activity and/or effect of at least one Bcl11b gene and/or protein present in a T cell and/or pro-T cell,  and converting said T cell and/or pro-T cell to an ITNK cell or target Tcells and/or target pro-T cells is described. ITNK cells,  target T cells and/or target pro-T cells produced by such method and mature activated T cells in which Bcl11b expression is downregulated or absent, and the use of such cells or modulators of Bcl11b in medicine is also described.

摘要（翻译）：生产的方法诱导的T-到-天然-杀伤[itnk]细胞，靶T细胞和\/或靶前-T细胞从T细胞和\/或Pro-Tcellswhich方法involvesmodulating该活性和\/或至少一个BCL11B基因的作用和\/或蛋白中存在的一种T细胞和\/或Pro-T细胞，和将所述T细胞和\/或Pro-T细胞与一种itnk细胞或靶tcells和\/或靶前-T细胞是描述。itnk细胞，靶T细胞和\/或目标前体-通过这种方法产生的T细胞和成熟活化的T细胞在其BCL11B表达是下调或不存在，这种细胞和所述的用途或调节剂的药物中的bcl11b是还所描述的。

公开（公告）号：WO2011007176A1

公开（公告）日：2011-01-20

申请号：WOGB10051158

申请日：2010-07-15

申请人：GENOME RESEARCH LIMITED; LIU Pentao; LI Peng; BURKE Shannon

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





284、COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR ENHANCING PRODUCTION OF A BIOLOGICAL PRODUCT

标题（翻译）：组合物和方法用于增强生产的一种生物产品

摘要：The invention provides compositions and methods for producing a biological product from a host cell. In various embodiments,  the biological product is a polypeptide,  a metabolite,  a nutraceutical,  a chemical intermediate,  a biofuel,  a food additive,  or an antibiotic. In one aspect,  the invention provides for a method for producing a biological product from a host cell. The method generally comprises contacting the cell with a RNA effector molecule,  a portion of which is complementary to a target gene,  maintaining the cell in a large-scale bioreactor for a time sufficient to modulate expression of the target gene,  wherein the modulation enhances production of the biological product from the cell,  and isolating the biological product from the cell.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了组合物和方法用于生产一种生物产品从一种宿主细胞。在各种实施方案中，所述的生物产品是一种多肽，一种代谢物，一种营养保健，一种化学中间体，一种生物燃料，一种食品添加剂，或一种抗生素。在一个方面，本发明提供了一种一种用于生产一种生物产品的方法从一种宿主细胞。该方法通常包括使所述细胞与一种RNA的效应分子，一种部分，它是互补的，以一种靶基因，保持该细胞的大规模生物反应器中用于一种时间足以调制表达的该目标基因，其中该调制提高了生产本发明的生物产品从该细胞，和分离所述的生物产品从所述细胞。

公开（公告）号：WO2011005786A2

公开（公告）日：2011-01-13

申请号：WOUS10041099

申请日：2010-07-06

申请人：ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS INC; ROSSOMANDO Anthony; MARAGANORE John M; POLLARD Stuart; KOCISKO David; MANOHARAN Muthiah; HINKLE Greg; BETTENCOURT Brian; HOGAN Shannon

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





285、CELL-BASED BIOPROCESSING

标题（翻译）：细胞-为基础的生物处理

摘要：The invention provides compositions and methods for producing an immunogenic agent from a host cell. In various embodiments,  the immunogenic agent is a polypeptide,  an antigen,  a virus particle,  or a vaccine In one aspect,  the invention provides for a method for producing an immunogenic agent from a host cell. The method generally comprises contacting the cell with a RNA effector molecule,  a portion of which is complementary to a target gene,  maintaining the cell in a large-scale bioreactor for a time sufficient to modulate expression of the target gene,  wherein the modulation enhances production of the immunogenic agent from the cell,  and isolating the immunogenic agent from the cell.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了组合物和方法用于生产一种免疫原性剂从一种宿主细胞。在各种实施方案中，所述的免疫原性剂是一种多肽，一种抗原，一种病毒颗粒，或一种疫苗在一个另一方面，本发明提供了一种一种方法用于生产一种免疫原性剂从一种宿主细胞。该方法通常包括使所述细胞与一种RNA的效应分子，一种部分，它是互补的，以一种靶基因，保持该细胞的大规模生物反应器中用于一种时间足以调制表达的该目标基因，其中该调制提高了生产本发明的免疫原性剂从该细胞，和分离该免疫原性剂从所述细胞。

公开（公告）号：WO2011005793A1

公开（公告）日：2011-01-13

申请号：WOUS10041106

申请日：2010-07-06

申请人：ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS INC; ROSSOMANDO Anthony; MARAGANORE John; POLLARD Stuart; KOCISKO David; MANOHARAN Muthiah; HINKLE Greg; BETTENCOURT Brian; HOGAN Shannon

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





286、FEEDBACK TRANSMISSION METHOD OF CHANNEL STATE INFORMATION AND USER EQUIPMENT

标题（翻译）：反馈信道状态信息的传输方法和用户设备

摘要：Disclosed are a method for transmitting feedback of channel state information and user equipment. The method comprises :  under a transmission mode,  user equipment (UE) determining contents carried by channel state information according to indication information,  wherein the indication information comprises at least one of the following :  rank indicator (RI),  channel quality indication information (CQI) and configuration signaling sent by a base station eNodeB;  and the UE sending the channel state information to the eNodeB. The present invention solves the problem that the contents provided by the channel state information are not suitable for those transmission modes under which a multiple user-MIMO and a single user-MIMO can be switched from one to another,  improving the applicability of the channel state information.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了一种方法用于发送的反馈信道状态信息和用户设备。该方法包括 : 一个传输模式下，用户设备(UE)确定通过信道状态信息进行内容根据指示信息，其中所述指示信息包括至少一个的所述如下 : 等级指示器(RI)，信道质量指示信息(CQI)和配置一个基站发送的信令eNodeB; 和所述UE发送该信道状态信息到所述eNodeB。本发明解决该问题，其所述通过该信道状态信息提供的内容被不适合用于那些传输模式，其中多个用户-MIMO和下一单个用户-MIMO可以从一个切换到另一个，提高适用性的所述信道状态信息。

公开（公告）号：KR1020120115343A

公开（公告）日：2012-10-17

申请号：KR1020127019588

申请日：2010-06-29

申请人：ZTE CORP

当前法律状态：未授权失效





287、FEEDBACK TRANSMISSION METHOD OF CHANNEL STATE INFORMATION AND USER EQUIPMENT

标题（翻译）：反馈信道状态信息的传输方法和用户设备

摘要：Disclosed are a method for transmitting feedback of channel state information and user equipment. The method comprises :  under a transmission mode,  user equipment (UE) determining contents carried by channel state information according to indication information,  wherein the indication information comprises at least one of the following :  rank indicator (RI),  channel quality indication information (CQI) and configuration signaling sent by a base station eNodeB;  and the UE sending the channel state information to the eNodeB. The present invention solves the problem that the contents provided by the channel state information are not suitable for those transmission modes under which a multiple user-MIMO and a single user-MIMO can be switched from one to another,  improving the applicability of the channel state information.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供一种用于发送信道状态信息的反馈方法和用户设备。所述方法包括 : 传输模式下，用户设备(UE)确定信道状态信息，根据指示信息携带的内容，其中，所述指示信息包括以下至少之一 : 秩指示符(RI)，信道质量指示信息CQI和基站eNodeB发送的配置信令；所述UE向eNodeB发送的信道状态信息。本发明解决的问题是 : 提供的内容不适合的信道状态信息在多用户MIMO传输模式和单用户多输入多输出可以从一种切换到另一位置，提高了适用范围的信道状态信息。

公开（公告）号：KR1020170018088A

公开（公告）日：2017-02-15

申请号：KR1020177003049

申请日：2010-06-29

申请人：ZTE CORP

当前法律状态：有效





288、METHOD OF USE OF AN IONIC LIQUID AND DEVICE FOR SORPTION OF A GAS

标题（翻译）：使用的一种离子液体的方法和装置用于一种气体的吸附

摘要：A method of use of an ionic liquid for sorption of a gas having an electric multipole moment is provided,  wherein the ionic liquid comprises an anion and a non-aromatic cation. In particular,  the electric multipole moment may be an electric dipole moment and/or an electric quadrupole moment. The sorption may be an adsorption or an absorption. The ionic liquid may be a pure ionic liquid,  i.e. a liquid substantially only containing anions and cations,  while not containing other components,  e.g. water. Alternatively a solution containing the ionic liquid and a solvent or further compound,  e.g. water,  may be used.

摘要（翻译）：用于吸附的离子液体的用途的一种方法的一种气体具有一个电的多极力矩是提供; 其中所述离子液体包括阴离子和非-芳族阳离子。在特定的，该电多极力矩可以一个电偶极矩和\/或一种电动四极矩。吸附可吸附或吸收。离子液体可以是纯的离子液体，即一种液体基本上仅含阴离子和阳离子的，而不含其它成分，例如水。可选择地含有该离子液体和一种溶剂的溶液或进一步的化合物，例如水，可以使用。

公开（公告）号：WO2010149674A1

公开（公告）日：2010-12-29

申请号：WOEP10058856

申请日：2010-06-22

申请人：VTU HOLDING GMBH; KALB Roland

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





289、HYDROCONVERSION PROCESS WITH ALKYL HALIDE COMPRISING AT LEAST 55 WT% HALIDE

标题（翻译）：加氢转化方法，以烷基卤化物包括至少55重量%的卤化物

摘要：A process comprising :  contacting a blend of hydrocarbons under hydroconversion conditions in a hydroconversion zone with a mixture of an acidic ionic liquid catalyst and at least one alkyl halide comprising at least 55 wt% halide and having a boiling point of 70°C or higher. An alkylation process comprising :  contacting a blend of hydrocarbons under alkylation conditions with a mixture of an acidic ionic liquid catalyst that is a chloroaluminate and at least one alkyl halide comprising 1, 1, 1 trichloroethane,  tetrachloroethylene,  or a mixture thereof;  wherein greater than 99.9 wt% of an at least one olefin in the blend of hydrocarbons is alkylated. Also,  a hydroconversion process comprising drying the alkyl halide.

摘要（翻译）：一种方法，包括 : 在加氢转化条件下接触烃的共混物在加氢转化区与酸性离子液体的混合物催化剂和至少一种烷基卤包含至少55重量%的卤化物并具有沸点的70a°C或更高。一种烷基化方法，包括 : 在烷基化条件下接触烃的共混物与酸性离子液体催化剂的混合物为氯铝酸盐和至少一种烷基卤包含1，1，1三氯乙烷，四氯乙烯，或它们的混合物；其中大于99.9重量%的至少一种烯烃在烃的共混物被烷基化。而且，一种加氢转化方法包括干燥该卤代烷基。

公开（公告）号：WO2010135064A2

公开（公告）日：2010-11-25

申请号：WOUS10032980

申请日：2010-04-29

申请人：CHEVRON U S A INC; HOMMELTOFT Sven Ivar

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





290、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching

标题（翻译）：用于健康服务规划和匹配的计算系统和方法

摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to accepting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  accepting sensor data about the individual;  presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the accepting sensor data about the individual;  and providing a matching system for procurement of at least one selected health service option.

摘要（翻译）：描述了涉及接受个体的至少一个属性的指示的系统和方法； 接受关于该个体的传感器数据； 至少部分地基于所述接收的关于所述个体的传感器数据来呈现一组保健选项； 以及提供用于采购至少一个选定的健康服务选项的匹配系统。

公开（公告）号：US20100274577A1

公开（公告）日：2010-10-28

申请号：US12660029

申请日：2010-02-18

申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of the state of Delaware

当前法律状态：暂缺





291、METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR IDENTIFYING,  CLASSIFYING AND MONITORING SUBJECT HAVING BCL-2 FAMILY INHIBITOR-RESISTANT TUMORS AND CANCERS

标题（翻译）：用于鉴定方法和组合物，具有Bcl-2家族分类和监测对象抑制剂-抗肿瘤和癌症

摘要：The invention is directed to methods and kits that allow for identifying,  classifying,  and monitoring cancer patients for Bcl-2 family inhibitor therapies. The methods and compositions of the invention are directed to determining amplification of BCI-XL and in cancer or tumor cells,  or elevated BCI-XL polypeptide expression.

摘要（翻译）：本发明是涉及方法和试剂盒，其允许用于鉴定，分类，和监测癌症患者用于Bcl-2家族抑制剂疗法。所述的方法和本发明的组合物是针对以确定扩增的bci-XL和在癌症或肿瘤细胞，或升高的bci-XL多肽的表达。

公开（公告）号：WO2010093742A1

公开（公告）日：2010-08-19

申请号：WOUS10023818

申请日：2010-02-11

申请人：ABBOTT LABORATORIES; VAN DELFT Mark F; HUANG David; TSE Christin; SEMIZAROV Dimitri; THE WALTER AND ELIZA HALL INSTITUTE OF MEDICAL RESEARCH; UZIEL Tamar; LESNIEWSKI Richard R

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





292、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching

标题（翻译）：用于卫生服务规划和匹配的计算系统和方法

摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to accepting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  activating at least one sensor at least partially based on the accepting an indication of at least one attribute of the individual;  accepting sensor data from the at least one sensor;  and presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the accepting sensor data from the at least one sensor.

摘要（翻译）：描述了与接受个体的至少一个属性的指示有关的系统和方法； 至少部分地基于所述接受所述个体的至少一个属性的指示来激活至少一个传感器； 从所述至少一个传感器接收传感器数据； 以及至少部分地基于接受来自所述至少一个传感器的传感器数据来呈现一组健康护理选项。

公开（公告）号：US9886729B2

公开（公告）日：2018-02-06

申请号：US12658256

申请日：2010-02-04

申请人：Gearbox LLC

当前法律状态：暂缺





293、METHODS FOR PREPARING SEQUENCING LIBRARIES

标题（翻译）：测序文库的方法用于制备

摘要：Improvements in chromatin immunoprecipitation-high throughput sequencing techniques has allowed the creation of chromatin maps from limited biological sample sizes that cannot be evaluated using conventional chromatin immunoprecipitation - sequencing protocols. For example,  a modified universal primer is utilized that incorporates restriction enzymes into chromatin immunoprecipitation fragments before amplification. The improved method allows the sample sizes to be several orders of magnitude less than that required for standard ChlP-Seq techniques.

摘要（翻译）：改进的染色质中免疫沉淀-高通量测序技术具有使所产生的染色质图谱从有限的生物样品大小 : 不能被免疫沉淀评价使用常规的染色质-测序方案。例如，一种改性的通用引物是利用的是结合了限制性内切酶到染色质免疫沉淀之前，扩增片段。该改进的方法允许该样品的尺寸，以需要的是几个数量级小于用于标准chlp-SEQ技术。

公开（公告）号：WO2011096926A1

公开（公告）日：2011-08-11

申请号：WOUS10023218

申请日：2010-02-04

申请人：MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY; THE BROAD INSTITUTE INC; ADLI Mazhar; BERNSTEIN Bradley E; MIKKELSEN Tarjei S

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





294、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching

标题（翻译）：用于卫生服务规划和匹配的计算系统和方法

摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to accepting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  activating at least one sensor at least partially based on the accepting an indication of at least one attribute of the individual;  accepting sensor data from the at least one sensor;  and presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the accepting sensor data from the at least one sensor.

摘要（翻译）：描述了与接受个体的至少一个属性的指示有关的系统和方法； 至少部分地基于所述接受所述个体的至少一个属性的指示来激活至少一个传感器； 从所述至少一个传感器接收传感器数据； 以及至少部分地基于接受来自所述至少一个传感器的传感器数据来呈现一组健康护理选项。

公开（公告）号：US20100312579A1

公开（公告）日：2010-12-09

申请号：US12658166

申请日：2010-02-03

申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of the State Delaware

当前法律状态：暂缺





295、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching

标题（翻译）：用于卫生服务规划和匹配的计算系统和方法

摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to detecting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  accepting sensor data about the individual;  and presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the detecting an indication of at least one attribute of the individual and the accepting sensor data about the individual.

摘要（翻译）：描述了与检测个体的至少一个属性的指示有关的系统和方法； 接受关于个人的传感器数据； 以及至少部分地基于所述检测个体的至少一个属性的指示和所述接受关于所述个体的传感器数据来呈现一组健康护理选项。

公开（公告）号：US20100305962A1

公开（公告）日：2010-12-02

申请号：US12658056

申请日：2010-02-01

申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of the State of Delaware

当前法律状态：暂缺





296、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching

标题（翻译）：用于健康服务规划和匹配的计算系统和方法

摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to detecting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  accepting sensor data about the individual;  and presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the detecting an indication of at least one attribute of the individual and the accepting sensor data about the individual.

摘要（翻译）：描述了涉及检测个体的至少一个属性的指示的系统和方法； 接受关于该个体的传感器数据； 以及至少部分地基于所述检测到的所述个体的至少一个属性的指示和所述接受关于所述个体的传感器数据来呈现一组保健选项。

公开（公告）号：US20100268108A1

公开（公告）日：2010-10-21

申请号：US12657980

申请日：2010-01-29

申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of the State of Delaware

当前法律状态：暂缺





297、适于检测脑电波的助听器和用于调适这类助听器的方法

标题（翻译）：A hearing aid adapted fordetecting brain waves and a method for adapting such a hearing aid

摘要：本发明涉及一种助听器，其包含放大器(303，309，317)、输入换能器(301)、输出换能器(824)和信号处理设备(825)，所述放大器(303，309，317)和所述信号处理设备(825)被连接，助听器进一步包含其适于检测电信号(例如脑电波)的至少两个电极(201-205)，至少两个电极(201-205)连接到差分放大器(303，309，317)，差分放大器又连接到信号处理设备，并且助听器还包含用于独立于检测的信号改变所述助听器的操作的装置。本发明进一步提供用于助听器的调适的方法。

摘要（翻译）：The patent refers to the field of ' Deaf-aid sets' . A hearing aid comprising an amplifier (303,  309,  317),  an input transducer (301),  an output transducer (824) and a signal processing device (825),  said amplifier (303,  309,  317) and said signal processing device (825) being connected,  the hearing aid further comprising at least two electrodes (201 - 205) adapted for detecting electrical signals such as brain waves,  the at least two electrodes (201 - 205) being connected to a differential amplifier (303,  309,  317),  which in turn is connected to the signal processing device,  and means for modifying the operation of said hearing aid in dependence of the detected signals. The invention further provides a method for adaptation of a hearing aid.

公开（公告）号：CN102474696A

公开（公告）日：2012-05-23

申请号：CN201080031697.9

申请日：2010-01-28

申请人：唯听助听器公司

当前法律状态：授权





298、A HEARING AID ADAPTED FORDETECTING BRAIN WAVES AND A METHOD FOR ADAPTING SUCH A HEARING AID

标题（翻译）：适于检测脑电波的助听器和方法，用于适这类助听器

摘要：A hearing aid comprises an amplifier (303,  309,  317),  an input transducer (301),  an output transducer (824) and a signal processing device (825). The amplifier (303,  309,  317) and the signal processing device (825) are connected. The hearing aid further comprises at least two electrodes (201-205) adapted for detecting electrical signals such as brain waves,  the at least two electrodes (201-205) being connected to a differential amplifier (303,  309,  317),  which in turn is connected to the signal processing device,  and means for modifying the operation of said hearing aid in dependence of the detected signals. The invention further provides a method for adaptation of a hearing aid.

摘要（翻译）：助听器包括放大器(303，309，317)，输入换能器(301)，输出换能器(824)和信号处理装置(825)。放大器(303，309，317)和所述信号处理装置(825)连接。所述助听器进一步包括至少两个电极(201-205)，适于检测电信号(如脑波，所述至少两个电极(201-205)连接到差动放大器(303，309，317)，它依次连接到信号处理装置，和用于修改所述助听器的操作依赖于所检测的信号。本发明还提供了一种助听器的适配方法。

公开（公告）号：EP2454892B1

公开（公告）日：2015-03-18

申请号：EP10701676

申请日：2010-01-28

申请人：Widex A/S

当前法律状态：部分专利在指定国家失效





299、A HEARING AID ADAPTED FOR DETECTING BRAIN WAVES AND A METHOD FOR ADAPTING SUCH A HEARING AID

标题（翻译）：一用于检测脑波和适配助听器适这类助听器的方法

摘要：A hearing aid comprises an amplifier (303,  309,  317),  an input transducer (301),  an output transducer (824) and a signal processing device (825). The amplifier (303,  309,  317) and the signal processing device (825) are connected. The hearing aid further comprises at least two electrodes (201-205) adapted for detecting electrical signals such as brain waves,  the at least two electrodes (201-205) being connected to a differential amplifier (303,  309,  317),  which in turn is connected to the signal processing device,  and means for modifying the operation of said hearing aid in dependence of the detected signals. The invention further provides a method for adaptation of a hearing aid.

摘要（翻译）：放大器(303，309，317)，输出换能器(301)，输出换能器(824)和信号处理装置(825)，所述放大器包括(303，309，317)和所述信号处理装置(825)作为助听器连接，如脑至少适合于发送所述两个电极2(201-205)-所述至少两个电极2(201-205)差动放大器(303，309，317)连接到侧的，差动放大器(303，309，317)的最终信号处理装置和连接; 胶配合[…]根据信号的用于修改操作助听器的振动电机还包括一装置，用于上。此外本发明涉及提供用于适配助听器的方法。

公开（公告）号：KR101325828B1

公开（公告）日：2013-10-30

申请号：KR1020127002463

申请日：2010-01-28

申请人：Non Dex A / S

当前法律状态：有效





300、A HEARING AID ADAPTED FORDETECTING BRAIN WAVES AND A METHOD FOR ADAPTING SUCH A HEARING AID

标题（翻译）：助听器适合用于脑波和一种方法用于适应这种助听器

摘要：A hearing aid comprising an amplifier (303,  309,  317),  an input transducer (301),  an output transducer (824) and a signal processing device (825),  said amplifier (303,  309,  317) and said signal processing device (825) being connected,  the hearing aid further comprising at least two electrodes (201 - 205) adapted for detecting electrical signals such as brain waves,  the at least two electrodes (201 - 205) being connected to a differential amplifier (303,  309,  317),  which in turn is connected to the signal processing device,  and means for modifying the operation of said hearing aid in dependence of the detected signals. The invention further provides a method for adaptation of a hearing aid.

摘要（翻译）：助听器包括一放大器(303，309，317)，一输入换能器(301)，一输出换能器(824)和一信号处理装置(825)，所述放大器(303，309，317)和所述信号处理装置(825)被连接，所述的助听器进一步包括至少两个电极(201-205)适合于用于检测如脑波的电气信号，所述至少两个电极(201-205)被连接到一个差分放大器(303，309，317)，其又被连接到所述信号处理装置，所述的助听器和装置，用于修改所述的操作在所述检测到的信号的依赖性。本发明还提供了一种用于助听器的适配方法。

公开（公告）号：WO2011006681A1

公开（公告）日：2011-01-20

申请号：WOEP10051005

申请日：2010-01-28

申请人：WIDEX A/S; KIDMOSE Preben; MANDIC Danillo P; UNGSTRUP Michael; LOONEY David; PARK Cheolsoo; RANK Mike Lind

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





301、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching

标题（翻译）：用于卫生服务规划和匹配的计算系统和方法

摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to accepting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  accepting sensor data about the individual;  and presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the accepting an indication of at least one attribute of the individual and the accepting sensor data about the individual.

摘要（翻译）：描述了与接受个体的至少一个属性的指示有关的系统和方法； 接受关于个人的传感器数据； 以及至少部分地基于接受个体的至少一个属性的指示和接受关于个体的传感器数据来呈现一组健康护理选项。

公开（公告）号：US20110035231A1

公开（公告）日：2011-02-10

申请号：US12657498

申请日：2010-01-21

申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of State of Delaware

当前法律状态：暂缺





302、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching

标题（翻译）：用于健康服务规划和匹配的计算系统和方法

摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to accepting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  accepting sensor data about the individual;  and presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the accepting an indication of at least one attribute of the individual and the accepting sensor data about the individual.

摘要（翻译）：描述了涉及接受个体的至少一个属性的指示的系统和方法； 接受关于该个体的传感器数据； 以及至少部分地基于接受所述个体的至少一个属性的指示和接受关于所述个体的传感器数据来呈现一组保健选项。

公开（公告）号：US20100293002A1

公开（公告）日：2010-11-18

申请号：US12657429

申请日：2010-01-20

申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of the State of Delaware

当前法律状态：暂缺





303、MIR-21 PROMOTER DRIVEN TARGETED CANCER THERAPY

标题（翻译）：mir-21启动子驱动的靶向癌治疗

摘要：The invention provides a nucleic acid construct comprising a promoter sequence derived from microRNA-21 (miR-21) linked to a nucleic acid sequence encoding an anti-cancer agent,  an example of which is a toxin. The constructs of the invention are particularly useful for treating tumors expressing miR-21.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种核酸构建体包含一种启动子序列衍生的从microrna-21(mir-21)联到一种核酸序列编码一种抗-癌剂，一种实施例的，它是一种毒素。该构建体的本发明是特别有用的用于治疗肿瘤的表达mir-21。

公开（公告）号：WO2010084488A1

公开（公告）日：2010-07-29

申请号：WOIL10000049

申请日：2010-01-19

申请人：RAMOT AT TEL AVIV UNIVERSITY LTD; ROSIN ARBESFELD Rina; SKLAN Ella; ZILBERBERG Alona; DAVID Naama

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





304、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching

标题（翻译）：用于健康服务规划和匹配的计算系统和方法

摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to accepting brain sensor data and presenting a plurality of health service options at least partly based on the accepting brain sensor data.

摘要（翻译）：描述了涉及接受脑传感器数据并至少部分地基于接受的脑传感器数据呈现多个健康服务选项的系统和方法。

公开（公告）号：US20100268057A1

公开（公告）日：2010-10-21

申请号：US12655474

申请日：2009-12-30

申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of the State of Delaware

当前法律状态：暂缺





305、METHODS FOR DETECTING IgH/BCL-1 CHROMOSOMAL TRANSLOCATION

标题（翻译）：用于检测igh的方法\/bcl-1染色体易位

摘要：The invention provides methods for detection of Bcl-1 nucleic acid in acellular body fluid. The methods can be used to detect the IgH/Bcl-1 translocations (11; 14)(q13; q32) in acellular body fluid. The chromosomal translocation (11; 14)(q13; q32) is often associated with mantle cell (centrocytic) lymphoma and occasionally in other B-cell neoplasms,  notably myeloma. The invention is useful in the diagnosis of mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) and also for determining the prognosis of the disease.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了bcl-1的核酸在无细胞的方法，用于检测体的流体。该方法可用于检测所述igh\/bcl-1translocations(11; 14)(q13; q32)在无细胞体的流体。所述染色体易位(11; 14)(q13; q32)是经常与套的细胞相关(centrocytic)淋巴瘤和偶尔在其它B-细胞肿瘤，特别是骨髓瘤。本发明是用于在所述诊断的套膜细胞淋巴瘤(mcl)和也用于确定所述的预后; 该疾病。

公开（公告）号：WO2010059499A1

公开（公告）日：2010-05-27

申请号：WOUS09064158

申请日：2009-11-12

申请人：QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INVESTMENTS INCORPORATED; ALBITAR Maher

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





306、CHEMICAL MODULATORS OF PRO-APOPTOTIC BAX AND BCL-2 POLYPEPTIDES

标题（翻译）：促细胞凋亡bax的化学调节剂和Bcl-2的多肽

摘要：The invention provides a method for identifying a compound which modulates the activity of a BCL-2 family polypeptide,  the method comprising :  a) contacting said BCL-2 family polypeptide with a compound under conditions suitable for modulation of the activity of said BCL-2 family polypeptide;  and b) detecting modulation of the activity of said BCL-2 family polypeptide by the compound,  wherein the compound interacts with a binding site comprising one or more of an αl helix,  α2 helix,  a loop between αl-α2,  α.6 helix,  and select residues of α4,  α.5,  and α.8 helices in said BCL-2 family polypeptide;  wherein the interaction of the compound with the binding site occurs at a horizontal hydrophobic groove with or without a perimeter of charged and hydrophilic residues,  a superior juxta-loop,  an inferior juxta-loop,  or combination thereof.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种方法，用于鉴定化合物，其调节Bcl-2家族的活性多肽，所述方法包括 : a)使所述Bcl-2家族多肽与化合物适合调制的活性的条件下所述Bcl-2家族多肽；和b)检测调制的所述Bcl-2家族多肽的活性的化合物，所述与的结合位点相互作用的化合物包括一个或多个αL的螺旋，α2a螺旋，αL-α2a之间的回路，α，6螺旋，选择α4a的残基，α5，α。8螺旋，在所述的Bcl-2家族多肽；所述相互作用的化合物与结合位点发生在水平疏水槽或不带带电的周边与亲水性残基，上级邻近回路，下位邻近回路，或其组合。

公开（公告）号：WO2010042225A2

公开（公告）日：2010-04-15

申请号：WOUS09005568

申请日：2009-10-09

申请人：DANA FARBER CANCER INSTITUTE; WALENSKY Loren D; GAVATHIOTIS Evripidis

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





307、METHOD OF SCREENING

标题（翻译）：筛选的方法

摘要：A method of screening for a molecule which decreases apoptosis of a cell,  comprising :  i) combining the candidate molecule and an assay cell;  and ii) determining the change in survival of the assay cell in the presence of the molecule relative to a control. In one embodiment,  the assay cell is treated with an apoptosis inducing agent prior to or between steps i) and ii). In one example,  the treating agent reduces the level or activity of a pro-survival member of the Bcl-2 protein family,  such as Bcl x L or Mcl 1. In another embodiment,  the level or activity of at least one pro-survival member of the Bcl-2 family is reduced in the cell of step i). In some embodiments,  this is independent of any effect of the candidate molecule or apoptosis promoting agent. By reducing the level or activity of one or more pro-survival Bcl-2 protein family members in the assay cell,  the cell will undergo apoptosis mediated inter alia by Bak or Bax or Bale and Bax unless it is rescued by the candidate molecule.

摘要（翻译）：一个用于一个分子的筛选方法，其降低了凋亡的一种电池，包括 : i)结合所述候选分子和一个测定电池; 和ii)确定该变化在所述检测细胞的存活在该分子的存在相对于一控制。在一个实施例中，所述测定单元是与凋亡诱导剂之前或之间的处理步骤i)和ii)。在一个例子，该处理剂减少了所述电平或一种Pro存活的活动件的Bcl-2蛋白家庭，如BCLXL或MC11。在另一实施例中，所述至少一个Pro存活水平或活性的构件Bcl-2的家庭是减少该电池中的步骤I)。在一些实施例中，这是独立的任何所述候选分子或细胞凋亡促进剂的效果。通过降低所述电平或活动的一个或多个Pro-在所述检测细胞存活Bcl-2蛋白家族成员; 该单元将经历由bak或Bax尤其间介导的凋亡或姆巴莱和Bax，除非它是救援通过所述候选分子。

公开（公告）号：IN3421KOLNP2009A

公开（公告）日：2009-12-18

申请号：IN3421KOLNP2009

申请日：2009-10-01

申请人：THE WALTER AND ELIZA HALL INSTITUTE OFMEDICAL RESEARCH





308、MULTIMODAL UNIFICATION OF ARTICULATION FOR DEVICE INTERFACING

标题（翻译）：用于设备接口的铰接的多模态统一

摘要：A system for a multimodal unification of articulation includes a voice signal modality to receive a voice signal,  and a control signal modality which receives an input from a user and generates a control signal from the input which is selected from predetermined inputs directly corresponding to the phonetic information. The interactive voice based phonetic input system also includes a multimodal integration system to receive and integrates the voice signal and the control signal. The multimodal integration system delimits a context of a spoken utterance of the voice signal by using the control signal to preprocess and discretize into phonetic frames. A voice recognizer analyzing the voice signal integrated with the control signal to output a voice recognition result. This new paradigm helps overcome constraints found in interfacing mobile devices. Context information facilitates the handling of the commands in the application environment.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于多模态统一发音的系统，包括 : 语音信号模态，用于接收语音信号；以及控制信号模态，用于接收来自用户的输入，并从直接对应于语音信息的预定输入中选择的输入生成控制信号。 基于交互式语音的语音输入系统还包括多模态集成系统，用于接收和集成语音信号和控制信号。 所述多模态集成系统通过使用所述控制信号预处理并离散化为语音帧来限定所述语音信号的口述发音的上下文。 声音识别器分析与控制信号集成的声音信号，以输出声音识别结果。 这种新的范例有助于克服在接口移动设备中发现的限制。 上下文信息便于在应用环境中处理命令。

公开（公告）号：US20100070268A1

公开（公告）日：2010-03-18

申请号：US12556700

申请日：2009-09-10

申请人：SUNG JUN HYUNG

当前法律状态：有效





309、MULTIMODAL UNIFICATION OF ARTICULATION FOR DEVICE INTERFACING

标题（翻译）：多模式统一关节的用于装置接口

摘要：A system for a multimodal unification of articulation includes a voice signal modality to receive a voice signal,  and a control signal modality which receives an input from a user and generates a control signal from the input which is selected from predetermined inputs directly corresponding to the phonetic information. The interactive voice based phonetic input system also includes a multimodal integration system to receive and integrates the voice signal and the control signal. The multimodal integration system delimits a context of a spoken utterance of the voice signal by using the control signal to preprocess and discretize into phonetic frames. A voice recognizer analyzing the voice signal integrated with the control signal to output a voice recognition result. this new paradigm helps overcome constraints found in interfacing mobile devices. Context information facilitates the handling of the commands in the application environment.

摘要（翻译）：一个用于一个多模式系统统一关节包括一个语音信号的模态，以接收一语音信号，和一个控制信号的模态，其接收一从一用户输入并产生一控制信号从所述输入其被选择从预定的输入直接对应到该语音信息。基于所述交互式语音的语音输入系统还包括一个多模式集成系统来接收和将所述语音信号和所述控制信号。所述的多模态的口头话语的集成系统界定一个上下文所述语音信号通过使用所述控制信号预处理和discretize成语音帧。一个语音识别器分析所述语音信号集成与所述控制信号以输出一个声音识别结果。发现这种新的范例有助于克服约束在移动设备的接口。上下文信息便于处理该命令在所述的应用环境。

公开（公告）号：WO2010030129A2

公开（公告）日：2010-03-18

申请号：WOKR09005147

申请日：2009-09-10

申请人：SUNG Jun Hyung

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





310、METHOD OF CLASSIFICATION OF ELECTROENCEPHALOGRAPHIC SIGNALS IN INTERFACE BRAIN-COMPUTER

标题（翻译）：接口脑中的脑电图信号的分类的方法-计算机

摘要：FIELD :  medicine.SUBSTANCE :  invention relates to field of human brain communication with computer and is intended for EEG registration,  analysis and interpretation of brain signals for controlling external execution units. From EEG signal isolated are positive maximums of amplitude of EEG signals from all deviations. If values of two neighbouring positive peaks differ by less than threshold of human psychophysiological perception,  they are considered equal and the second peak is excludes from further analysis. Simultaneously with isolation of the first positive peak from support deviation values of amplitudes of EEG signals by all remaining deviations are registered. In teaching multilayer neural network (MNN) additionally formed is array of indices of classes of mental movements,  performed by user,  who represents outlet array for MNN teaching,  weighting coefficients of classification by back-propagation algorithm are calculated. In identification of mental movement array of inlet vectors is supplied to MNN for calculation of outlet vector,  used for determination of user' s mental movement class.EFFECT :  method makes it possible to reduce time of mental command identification and simultaneously increases accuracy of their identification.2 cl,  20 dwg,  4 tbl

摘要（翻译）：领域 : 药物。物质 : 明涉及领域的人的脑与计算机通信和明的目的是一种EEG配准，分析和解释脑的信号用于控制外部执行单元。从EEG信号分离的EEG信号的振幅是阳性的maximums从所有的偏差。如果值不同的两个相邻的正峰通过小于阈值的人精神生理性的感觉，它们被认为是相等和第二的峰是不包括从进一步分析。同时与分离的第一阳性峰从支撑通过EEG信号的振幅偏差值的所有剩余的偏差被注册。在教学另外形成的多层神经网络(mnn)是阵列的指数的类的精神运动，通过进行使用者，对表示出口阵列用于mnn教学，通过背部-传播的分类算法的加权系数被计算。在精神运动的识别阵列的入口的载体是供给到mnn用于计算出口的载体，用于用于测定的用户的精神运动类。效果 : 方法使它可能以减少时间的精神命令的识别和同时增加了它们的识别的准确性。2Cl，20dwg，4tbl

公开（公告）号：RU2415642C1

公开（公告）日：2011-04-10

申请号：RU2009133005

申请日：2009-09-03

申请人：Rossijskaja Federatsija v litse kotoroj vystupaet Ministerstvo obrazovanija i nauki Rossijskoj Federatsii; Federal' noe gosudarstvennoe avtonomnoe obrazovatel' noe uchrezhdenie vysshego professional' nogo obrazovanija "Juzhnyj federal' nyj universitet"

当前法律状态：有效





311、COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS OF USING (R)-PRAMIPEXOLE

标题（翻译）：使用(R)-普拉克索的组合物和方法，

摘要：Pharmaceutical compositions of (R)-pramipexole and one or more secondary therapeutic agents such as,  for example,  dopamine agonists,  dopaminergic agonists,  COMT inhibitors,  MOA inhibitors,  excitatory amino acid antagonists,  growth factors,  neurotrophic factors,  antioxidants,  anti-inflammatory agents,  immunomodulators,  anti-glutamatergics,  ion channel blockers,  α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) receptor antagonists,  heat shock protein inducers/ protein disaggregators and downregulators,  monoamine oxidase type B (MOAB) inhibitors,  multi-target agents,  kinase inhibitors,  Bcl inducers,  histone deacetylase (HDAC) mediators,  glial modulators,  mitochondrial energy promoting agents,  myostatin inhibitors,  caspase inhibitors and combinations thereof or those related to mitochondrial dysfunction or increased oxidative stress are disclosed.

摘要（翻译）：(R)-普拉克索的药物组合物和一种或多种第二种治疗剂等，例如，多巴胺激动剂，多巴胺激动剂，COMT抑制剂，MOA抑制剂，兴奋性氨基酸拮抗剂，生长因子，神经营养因子，抗氧化剂，抗炎剂，免疫调节剂，防glutamatergics，离子通道阻滞剂，α-amino-3-羟基-甲基异噁唑丙酸(AMPA)受体拮抗剂，热休克蛋白诱导剂/蛋白质disaggregators和downregulators，单胺氧化酶B型(moab)抑制剂，多目标剂，激酶抑制剂，BCL诱导剂，组蛋白脱乙酰酶(HDAC)介体，神经胶质调节剂，线粒体能量促进剂，肌生长抑制素抑制剂，caspase蛋白酶抑制剂和它们的组合或相关的那些与线粒体功能障碍或增加的氧化应激的方法。

公开（公告）号：WO2010022140A1

公开（公告）日：2010-02-25

申请号：WOUS09054292

申请日：2009-08-19

申请人：KNOPP NEUROSCIENCES INC; BOZIK Michael; GRIBKOFF Valentin

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





312、CYTOPLASMIC MALE STERILE LEEK PLANTS,  METHODS FOR THE PREPARATION AND USE THEREOF,  AND A CYTOPLASMIC MALE STERILE GARLIC PLANT

标题（翻译）：韭菜细胞质雄性不育植物，所述的方法及其制备和用途，和一个细胞质雄性不育大蒜植物

摘要：The present invention relates to cytoplasmic male sterile leek (Allium ampeloprasum) plants comprising cytoplasmic encoded male sterility originating from garlic plant (Allium sativum L.) with deposit number NCIMB 41563. Furthermore,  the invention relates to a method for providing hereof. And the invention relates to use of the provided plant and of garlic for providing cytoplasmic encoded male sterility.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种韭菜(ALLIUM ampeloprasum细胞质雄性不育)植物包括编码的雄性不育的细胞质来自大蒜植物(大蒜L。)与沉积数NCIMB41563。此外，本发明涉及一种用于提供本文的方法。本发明涉及使用所提供的植物和大蒜的用于提供编码的雄性不育的细胞质。

公开（公告）号：WO2010007059A1

公开（公告）日：2010-01-21

申请号：WOEP09058980

申请日：2009-07-14

申请人：BEJO ZADEN B V; VAN CAPPELLEN Witte; ADRIAANSE Marcel; LANGEDIJK Eduard Alphonsus; BONGERS Henricus Chretien Marie Louise; Schrijver Albertus Johannes Maria

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





313、SILENCING AND RIG-1 ACTIVATION BY DUAL FUNCTION OLIGONUCLEOTIDES

标题（翻译）：沉默和rig-1活化通过双重功能的寡核苷酸;

摘要：The invention describes a method of determining whether a double stranded RNA (dsRNA) silences gene expression in a cell in vivo by an RNA interference (RNAi) mechanism by performing 5' - rapid amplification of cDNA ends (5' RACE) to detect the cleavage site of the mRNA in the RNA sample.

摘要（翻译）：本发明描述了一种方法的测定是否一种双链RNA(dsRNA)silences基因的表达在一种细胞在体内由一种RNA干涉(RNAi)机构通过进行5‘-快速扩增的cDNA的端部(5’RACE)，以检测该切割该mRNA在所述的RNA样品的位点。

公开（公告）号：WO2010002851A1

公开（公告）日：2010-01-07

申请号：WOUS09049194

申请日：2009-06-30

申请人：ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS INC; HARTMANN Gunther

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





314、METHODS OF TREA FING ΛΛD METHODS OF DIAGNOSING AN IMMUNOPROLIFERATIVE DISORDER

标题（翻译）：METHODS OF TREA FING 螞螞D METHODS OF DIAGNOSING AN IMMUNOPROLIFERATIVE DISORDER"}

摘要：Disclosed herein an immunoproliferative disorder are methods of treating an immunoproliferative disorder. Disclosed herein are methods of diagnosing an immunoproliferative disorder. Disclosed herein are therapeutic agents that modulate proteins and/or genes involved in the development,  maintenance,  progression,  and metastasis of an immunoproliferative disorder. Disclosed herein are proteins and/or genes that are involved in the development,  maintenance,  progression,  and metastasis of an immunoproliferative disorder. Disclosed herein are methods of modulating proteins and/or genes involved in the development,  maintenance,  progression,  and metastasis of an immunoproliferative disorder.

摘要（翻译）：本文中公开了一种immunoproliferative障碍是治疗的immunoproliferative障碍的方法。本文公开的是一种immunoproliferative障碍的诊断的方法。本文公开的是治疗剂的调节蛋白和\/或有关的基因在所述的发展，维护，进展，和转移; 一种immunoproliferative障碍。本文公开的是蛋白质和\/或有关的基因，其是在所述的发展，维护，进展，和转移的一种immunoproliferative障碍。公开了本文涉及的是调节蛋白的方法和\/或基因在所述的发展，维护，进展，和转移的一种immunoproliferative障碍。

公开（公告）号：WO2010008852A2

公开（公告）日：2010-01-21

申请号：WOUS09048307

申请日：2009-06-23

申请人：TAIGA BIOTECHNOLOGIES INC; REFAELI Yosef; TURNER Brian Curtis

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





315、PROCESSES AND COMPOUNDS FOR THE PREPARATION OF NORMORPHINANS

标题（翻译）：normorphinans的方法和化合物用于该制备

摘要：The invention generally provides processes and intermediate compounds useful for the production of normorphinans and derivatives of normorphinans, eg.

摘要（翻译）：本发明一般提供了方法和中间体的化合物可用于本发明生产的normorphinans和normorphinans的衍生物，EG。

公开（公告）号：WO2009146288A1

公开（公告）日：2009-12-03

申请号：WOUS09044809

申请日：2009-05-21

申请人：MALLINCKRODT INC; WANG Peter X; MOSER Frank W; CANTRELL Gary L; JIANG Tao; HALVACHS Robert E; GROTE Christopher W

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





316、UBIQUITOUS INTERFACE DEVICE SPLIT

标题（翻译）：普遍存在的接口装置分裂

摘要：The invention relates to man-machine interfaces. In particular,  the invention relates to a man-machine interface which provides a ubiquitous communication between a user and a plurality of controlled devices. A system (100) is described which provides ubiquitous interfacing between a user (101) and a device under control,  DUG (109). The system (100) comprises a human interface device,  HID (102),  operable to detect a user input from the user (101) and to transmit the user input to a HID controller (103). The system (100) further comprises the HID controller (103) which is physically separate from the HID (102) and the DUG (109) and operable to receive the user input from the HID (102),  to relate and translate the user input to a corresponding DUC command and to transmit the DUC command to the DUC (109) for execution. The separation of HID and DUC makes the man-machine interface mobile and adaptable to the user preferences.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及人-机接口。特别是，本发明涉及一种人-机接口，提供一种普遍存在的一个用户之间的通信和一多个控制的装置。一系统(100)描述的是，提供普遍存在的一个用户之间的接口(101)和一装置的控制下，挖出(109)。该系统(100)包括一人机接口装置，HID(102)，从所述用户可操作以检测一个用户输入(101)和发送所述用户输入到一个HID控制器(103)。该系统(100)还包括HID控制器(103)，它是物理上分离从所述的HID(102)和所述挖出(109)和可操作以接收所述用户输入从所述的HID(102)，给相关和翻译所述用户输入以一对应的DUC命令和发送所述DUC命令到所述DUC(109)，用于执行。所述分离HID和DUC使所述的人-机接口的移动和适应用户的偏好。

公开（公告）号：WO2010131067A1

公开（公告）日：2010-11-18

申请号：WOIB09006047

申请日：2009-05-15

申请人：ALCATEL LUCENT; DOLL Mark; TEMPL Wolfgang; TANGEMANN Michael

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





317、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR NEUROLOGICAL ACTIVITY SIGNATURE DETERMINATION,  DISCRIMINATION,  AND DETECTION

标题（翻译）：用于神经活动特征确定、识别和检测的系统和方法

摘要：A system and method are provided for automatically correlating neurological activity to a predetermined physiological response. The system includes at least one sensor operable to sense signals indicative of the neurological activity,  and a processing engine coupled to the sensor. The processing engine is operable in a first system mode to execute a simultaneous sparse approximation jointly upon a group of signals sensed by the sensor to generate signature information corresponding to the predetermined physiological response. The system further includes a detector coupled to the sensors,  which is operable in a second system mode to monitor the sensed signals. The detector generates upon selective detection according to the signature information a control signal for actuating a control action according to the predetermined physiological response.

摘要（翻译）：提供了一种用于自动地使神经活动与预定生理响应相关联的系统和方法。 该系统包括至少一个可操作以感测指示神经活动的信号的传感器，以及耦合到该传感器的处理引擎。 所述处理引擎可在第一系统模式下操作以对由所述传感器感测的一组信号联合执行同时稀疏近似，以生成对应于所述预定生理响应的签名信息。 所述系统还包括耦合到所述传感器的检测器，所述检测器可在第二系统模式下操作以监测所感测的信号。 所述检测器根据所述特征信息在选择性检测时产生用于根据所述预定生理响应来致动控制动作的控制信号。

公开（公告）号：US20100016752A1

公开（公告）日：2010-01-21

申请号：US12466114

申请日：2009-05-14

申请人：SIERACKI JEFFREY M

当前法律状态：暂缺





318、CAR-MOUNTED APPARATUS

标题（翻译）：车载装置

摘要：PURPOSE :  A device and a method for controlling equipment in a vehicle are provided to operate the equipment by shortening the delay of time.CONSTITUTION :  A signal detection unit detects the brain wave signal. The signal detection unit separates the brain wave signal and interprets the signal. According to the intensity of the brain wave signal interpreted by the signal detection unit,  the determination unit generates multiple control signals. According to the kind of the control signal generated by the determination unit,  a process order control unit performs the following process. A display unit creates a figure to induce the brain wave signal. The display unit displays the figure by receiving a signal.COPYRIGHT KIPO 2010

摘要（翻译）：目的 : 一种装置和方法用于一车辆中的控制设备被提供到操作该设备通过缩短所述的延迟时间。构成 : 一信号检测单元检测所述脑波信号，所述信号检测单元将所述脑波信号和解释所述信号。根据所述通过所述信号解释所述脑波的信号强度检测单元，所述确定单元产生多个控制信号。根据所述类型的所述控制信号产生通过所述确定单元，一过程的顺序控制单元执行以下过程。一种显示单元创建一个图形，以引起所述脑波信号。所述显示单元显示该图形通过接收一个信号。版权kipo2010

公开（公告）号：KR1020100007710A

公开（公告）日：2010-01-22

申请号：KR1020090041610

申请日：2009-05-13

申请人：KABUSHIKI KAISHA HITACHI SEISAKUSHO(D/B/A HITACHI LTD )





319、BISPECIFIC INTRACELLULAR DELIVERY VEHICLES

标题（翻译）：双特异性胞内递送载体

摘要：A composition for delivering an agent to a cell,  comprising a bispecific affinity reagent and a pH-responsive,  membrane destabilizing polymer. The bispecific affinity reagent may include a first affinity reagent covalently linked to a second affinity reagent,  wherein the first affinity reagent binds to a molecule on the surface of a cell,  and the second affinity reagent binds to an intracellular target.

摘要（翻译）：一种组合物用于输送的剂以一种细胞，包括一种双特异性亲和试剂和一种pH-响应，膜去稳定聚合物。所述的双特异性亲和试剂可以包括一种第一亲和试剂共价连接到一个第二亲和试剂，其中所述第一亲和试剂结合到该表面上的分子的一种细胞，和第二亲和试剂结合到一种胞内靶。

公开（公告）号：WO2010053596A1

公开（公告）日：2010-05-14

申请号：WOUS09043852

申请日：2009-05-13

申请人：UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON; PHASERX; STAYTON Patrick S; HOFFMAN Alan S; CONVERTINE Anthony; DUVALL Craig L; OVERELL Robert; JOHNSON Paul

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





320、METHODS FOR IDENTIFYING COMPOUNDS THAT AFFECT EXPRESSION OF CANCER-RELATED PROTEIN ISOFORMS

标题（翻译）：用于鉴定化合物的方法，其影响表达的癌-相关蛋白同种型

摘要：Provided herein are methods for screening compounds for their ability to modulate the expression of certain isoforms of proteins that are associated with cancer,  such as isoforms of proteins that participate in Wnt signaling in cancer cells.

摘要（翻译）：本文提供的是用于筛选化合物的方法用于它们的一定的同种型的能力，以调节所表达的蛋白，其为与癌症相关的，如同种型的蛋白质的参与在Wnt信号传导在癌症细胞。

公开（公告）号：WO2009137631A2

公开（公告）日：2009-11-12

申请号：WOUS09043052

申请日：2009-05-06

申请人：WINTHERIX LLC; HOOD John; BARROGA Charlene F; CARSON Dennis; LU Desheng

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





321、METHODS OF DETERMINING THE HEALTH STATUS OF AN INDIVIDUAL

标题（翻译）：一个单独的健康状态确定所述的方法

摘要：Methods of determining health status based on analysis of single cells in a sample or set of samples from an individual are described.

摘要（翻译）：基于确定的健康状态的方法分析样品中的单个单元或一组样品的从一个单独被描述。

公开（公告）号：WO2009134944A2

公开（公告）日：2009-11-05

申请号：WOUS09042187

申请日：2009-04-29

申请人：NODALITY INC; FANTL Wendy J; FRANCIS LANG Helen L; COHEN Aileen C; NOLAN Garry P

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





322、A PROCESS FOR REMOVING ALUMINUM AND OTHER METAL CHLORIDES FROM CHLOROSILANES

标题（翻译）：一种用于去除铝和其它金属氯化物的方法从氯硅烷

摘要：A process for removing aluminum and other metal chlorides from liquid chlorosilanes with the steps of :  introducing a source of seed into a source of impure liquid chlorosilanes,  initiating the crystallization of aluminum and other metal chlorides on the seed from the liquid chlorosilanes in a first agitated vessel,  passing the resulting mixture of liquid and solids through a cooler into a second agitated vessel for additional crystallization,  transferring the resulting mixture of liquid and solids into a solids removal device,  transferring the liquid with reduced solids content to a further process or vessel and transferring the liquid with high solids content into a waste concentration device,  passing the resulting liquid with reduced solids content to a further process or vessel and passing the resultant liquid with very high solids content to a waste storage vessel with agitation.

摘要（翻译）：一种方法用于从液体除去铝和其它金属氯化物的氯硅烷与所述的步骤 : 将源; 种子到源不纯液体的氯硅烷，引发结晶的铝和其它金属氯化物在该种从该液氯硅烷在第一搅拌的容器，使得到的液体和固体的混合物通过一个冷却器在一个第二的搅拌容器用于附加的结晶，将所得的混合物液体和固体进入固体去除装置，将该液体具有降低固体含量，以一种进一步方法或容器和将所述液体与高固体含量为一种废浓度的装置，使得到的液体具有降低固体含量，以一种进一步方法或容器和将所得到的液体与非常高固体含量，以一种垃圾储存容器中，搅拌。

公开（公告）号：WO2009126218A1

公开（公告）日：2009-10-15

申请号：WOUS09002000

申请日：2009-03-31

申请人：LORD Stephen M

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





323、PURIFICATION OF FLUORINE CONTAINING GASES

标题（翻译）：含氟气体的净化

摘要：A method of reducing moisture in a fluorine-containing gas is described. The method may include the steps of providing a purifier material that includes elemental carbon,  and flowing the unpurified fluorine-containing gas having an unpurified moisture concentration over or through the carbon-based purifier material. At least a portion of the moisture is captured in the purifier material so that a purified fluorine-containing gas that emerges downstream of the purifier material has a reduced moisture concentration that is about 50% or less of the unpurified moisture concentration.

摘要（翻译）：一种减少水分的方法在一种含氟气体是描述。所述的方法可以包括该步骤提供一种净化器的材料包括元素碳，和流动的该未纯化的含氟气体具有一个未纯化的水分浓度在或通过碳-基净化器材料。该水分的至少一个部分是所述净化器中被捕获的材料使一种纯化的含氟气体出现的下游该净化器的材料具有一种减少水分浓度 : 该未纯化的水分浓度是大约50%或更小。

公开（公告）号：WO2009151723A1

公开（公告）日：2009-12-17

申请号：WOUS09038373

申请日：2009-03-26

申请人：MATHESON TRI GAS; MILLWARD Andrew; VININSKI Joseph V; TORRES JR Robert; WANTANBE Tadaharu; WYSE Carrie L; RAYNOR Mark; DAVIA Dan; JHA Praveen

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





324、METHODS FOR SYNTHESIZING KOTALANOL AND STEREOISOMERS AND ANALOGUES THEREOF,  AND NOVEL COMPOUNDS PRODUCED THEREBY

标题（翻译）：用于合成kotalanol和立体异构体和其类似物的方法，和由此产生的新的化合物

摘要：Compounds having the general formula (I) :  wherein X is S,  Se or NH,  and stereoisomers thereof,  and de-O-sulfonated analogues of all of the foregoing,  but excluding naturally occurring kotalanol and de-O-sulfonated kotalanol,  and methods for synthesizing same. The compounds are useful as glycosidase inhibitors,  and may be used in the treatment of diabetes. The synthetic compounds may also be used as standards in the calibration or grading of natural or herbal remedies produced from natural sources of glycosidase inhibitors such as kotalanol.

摘要（翻译）：具有该通式(I)的化合物 : 其中X是S，Se或NH，和它们的立体异构体，和脱-邻-磺化本发明的上述所有的类似物，但不包括自然存在的kotalanol和脱-邻-磺化kotalanol，和用于合成的方法相同的。该化合物是有用的作为糖苷酶抑制剂，和可以被用于在所述治疗糖尿病。合成化合物也可以使用作为标准，在该校准或从天然来源生产的天然或草药的分级糖苷酶抑制剂如kotalanol的。

公开（公告）号：WO2009117829A1

公开（公告）日：2009-10-01

申请号：WOCA09000397

申请日：2009-03-25

申请人：SIMON FRASER UNIVERSITY; PINTO Brian Mario; KUMARASAMY Jayakanthan; NASI Ravindranath; MOHAN Sankar

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





325、SUBSTRATES FOR SILICON SOLAR CELLS AND METHODS OF PRODUCING THE SAME

标题（翻译）：一种硅太阳能电池衬底和相同制造所述的方法

摘要：Aspects of the invention include methods for depositing silicon on a substrate. In certain embodiments,  the methods include exposing a substrate containing silicon to a halogenated silane in a manner sufficient to deposit the silicon on the substrate. In certain embodiments,  the method includes providing a substrate,  one or more sources of gas,  and a reaction vessel that is in fluid communication with the substrate and the one or more sources of gas. In certain embodiments,  the substrate is a low or metallurgical grade silicon which may be subjected to a purification process. In certain embodiments,  the reaction vessel is a particle bed reaction vessel that includes a moving bed,  such as a fluidized bed which contains silicon and the gas includes a halide.

摘要（翻译）：本发明的方面包括用于沉积上硅衬底的方法。在某些实施例中，该方法包括一种含硅基板曝光以一种方式中的卤代硅烷足够的以所述衬底上沉积硅。在某些实施例中，该方法包括提供一衬底，一个或多个的源气体，和一个反应容器其是在流体通信与所述衬底和所述一个或多个源的气体。在某些实施例中，所述基板是一种低或冶金级硅，其可以进行净化过程。在某些实施例中，所述反应容器是一种颗粒床反应容器，其包括一个移动床，如一种流态化床，其包含硅和所述气体包括一卤化物。

公开（公告）号：WO2009111575A2

公开（公告）日：2009-09-11

申请号：WOUS09036050

申请日：2009-03-04

申请人：SRI INTERNATIONAL; SANJURJO Angel

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





326、TRIAZOLES AND PROCESSES FOR PRODUCING THE SAME

标题（翻译）：三唑和方法用于生产该同一

摘要：The present disclosure relates to triazoles and processes for their preparation. The processes involve a target-guided synthesis approach,  whereby an alkyne and an azide are reacted in the presence of a biological target protein,  a Bcl-2 family protein,  to form the triazole.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及三唑和它们的制备方法。所述的方法包括使用一种靶-引导合成途径，由此炔和叠氮化物反应，在所述的一种生物靶蛋白的存在下，bcl-2家族的蛋白; 以形成所述三唑。

公开（公告）号：WO2009105746A2

公开（公告）日：2009-08-27

申请号：WOUS09034845

申请日：2009-02-23

申请人：UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA; H LEE MOFFITT CANCER CENTER AND RESEARCH INSTITUTE INC; MANETSCH Roman; WANG Hong gang; HU Xiandong; KULKAMI Sameer; SUN Jiazhi G

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





327、ACYLSULFONAMIDES AND PROCESSES FOR PRODUCING THE SAME

标题（翻译）：acylsulfonamides和方法用于生产该同一

摘要：The present disclosure relates to acylsulfonamides and processes for their preparation. The processes involve a target-guided synthesis approach,  whereby a thioacid and a sulfonyl azide are reacted in the presence of a biological target protein,  a Bcl-2 family protein,  to form the acylsulfonamide.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及acylsulfonamides和它们的制备方法。所述的方法包括使用一种靶-引导合成途径，由此一硫代酸和一种磺酰基叠氮化物反应，在所述的一种生物靶蛋白的存在下，bcl-2家族蛋白，以形成所述酰基氨磺酰。

公开（公告）号：WO2009105751A1

公开（公告）日：2009-08-27

申请号：WOUS09034869

申请日：2009-02-23

申请人：UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA; H LEE MOFFITT CANCER CENTER AND RESEARCH INSTITUTE; MANETSCH Roman; WANG Hong Gang; HU Xiandong; KULKAMI Sameer; SUN Jiazhi G

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





328、Diffused data encryption/decryption processing method

标题（翻译）：一种扩散数据加/解密处理方法

摘要：The present invention discloses a diffused data encryption/decryption processing method,  which comprises a plaintext,  being at least a 2D matrix;  and a password,  being at least a 2D matrix;  such that the password determines the starting point of the diffusion,  the length of the diffusion,  the cycle of diffusion,  the number of encrypted diffusions and the number of decrypted diffusions to perform the diffusion computation of the plaintext as to achieve the purpose of processing the encryption and decryption.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了一种扩散数据加解密处理方法，包括 : 明文，至少为二维矩阵； 和密码，所述密码是至少二维矩阵； 使得密码确定扩散的起点、扩散的长度、扩散的周期、加密的扩散的数目和解密的扩散的数目，以执行明文的扩散计算，从而达到处理加密和解密的目的。

公开（公告）号：US8331559B2

公开（公告）日：2012-12-11

申请号：US12365160

申请日：2009-02-03

申请人：LEE CHIOU HAUN

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





329、GECL4 AND/OR SICL4 RECOVERY PROCESS FROM OPTICAL FIBERS OR GLASSY RESIDUES AND PROCESS FOR PRODUCING SICL4 FROM SIO2 RICH MATERIALS

标题（翻译）：gecl4和\/或SiCl4的回收方法从光纤维或玻璃状残余物和方法用于生产富由SiO2材料sicl4

摘要：A method is provided for producing GeCl4 with or without SiCl4 from optical fibers,  the method comprises the steps of :  reacting comminuted optical fibers including germanium and optionally silicon oxides with a reagent including a solid carbonaceous reducing agent,  chlorine and a boron compound to obtain a gaseous product including gaseous GeCl4,  gaseous SiCl4,  and gaseous BCl3 in accordance with the reactions :  2BCl3(g) + 1.5GeO2 = 1.5GeCl4(g) + B2O3;  2BCl3(g) + 1.5 SiO2 = 1.5 SiCl4(g) + B2O;  B2O3 + 1.5C + 3Cl2 = 2BCl3(g) + 1.5CO2;  and then condensing the gaseous GeCl4,  BCl3 and optionally SiCl4 into liquid GeCl4,  BCl3 and optionally SiCl4. The invention further provides a method for producing SiCl4 (and optionally GeCl4) from glassy residues obtained from optical fiber manufacturing and wasted optical cables. The method includes the steps of :  reacting comminuted glassy residues with a reagent including a solid carbonaceous reducing agent,  a salt,  a boron compound to obtain a gaseous product including SiCl4,  BCl3,  and optionally GeCl4;  and then condensing the gaseous SiCl4,  BCl3 (with or without GeCl4) into liquid SiCl4,  BCl3 and GeCl4. There is also provided a method for producing SiCl4 from a SiO2 containing material.

摘要（翻译）：一种方法是提供用于生产gecl4与或不sicl4从光纤维，所述的方法包括步骤 : 将粉碎的光纤维包括锗和任选的硅氧化物与一种试剂包括一种固体碳质还原剂，氯和一种硼化合物，得到一种气态产物包括气态gecl4，气态SiCl4，和气态bcl3在根据该反应 : 2bcl3(g)±1。5geo2=1。5gecl4(g)+B2O3; 2bcl3(g)±1.5的SiO2≤1.5sicl4(g)+b2o; B1。～C+3cl2=2bcl3(g)±1。5co2，和然后冷凝的气态gecl4，BCl3和任选sicl4到液体gecl4，BCl3和任选sicl4。本发明进一步提供了一种用于生产sicl4的方法(和任选gecl4)从玻璃态从光纤的光缆的制造和浪费得到的残基。所述的方法包括步骤 : 使粉碎玻璃状残余物与一种试剂包括一种固体碳质还原剂，一种盐，一种硼化合物，得到一种气态产物包括SiCl4，BCl3，和任选gecl4，和然后冷凝的气态SiCl4，bcl3(有或没有gecl4)到液体SiCl4，BCl3和gecl4。本发明还提供了一种用于生产sicl4的方法从一种含SiO2的材料。

公开（公告）号：WO2009070874A1

公开（公告）日：2009-06-11

申请号：WOCA08002106

申请日：2008-12-01

申请人：INSTITUT NATIONAL DE LA RECHERCHE SCIENTIFIQUE; BERGERON Mario; LANGLAIS Alain

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





330、FIBROUS MATERIAL IN SHEET Of PERMANENT PASTING FOR OPEN BATTERY AND OPEN BATTERY INCLUDING/UNDERSTANDING a MATERIAL Of PERMANENT PASTING

标题（翻译）：纤维材料在用于打开电池的永久贴片和打开电池包括\/理解一种材料的永久贴

摘要：A permanent pasting sheet for an open and/or sealed battery,  the material including glass microfibers that withstand acid electrolytes and a hydrophilic binder that withstands acid electrolytes,  wherein the fiber material has a Cobb60 degree,  determined using the standard ISO 535,  that is greater than or equal to three times its weight.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种纤维材料的永久贴片中用于打开电池包括\/理解的所述的microfibres玻璃的耐到所述酸耐电解质和一种吸收性粘合剂到所述酸的电解质。它也涉及一种打开电池包括\/理解一种材料的永久贴片中，在特定的上述纤维材料。它也涉及一种粘贴的一栅极电极的用于电池的过程打开通过一膏活性物质的和使用所述前述的纤维片中的材料的粘贴。

公开（公告）号：FR2937799A1

公开（公告）日：2010-04-30

申请号：FR08006003

申请日：2008-10-29

申请人：DUMAS BERNARD

当前法律状态：暂缺





331、SYSTEMS,  METHODS AND DEVICES FOR A SKULL/BRAIN INTERFACE

标题（翻译）：系统，方法和装置用于一种颅骨\/脑接口

摘要：Disclosed are methods,  devices,  and systems for inducing neuromodulation by focusing a source of stimulation through a skull/brain interface in the form of an aperture formed in the skull,  a naturally occurring fenestration in the skull,  or a transcranial channel. Also disclosed are methods,  devices,  and systems for directing and focusing signals or other energy sensed from the brain for measurement,  heat transfer and/or imaging. Further disclosed are methods,  devices,  and systems for identifying where to locate skull/brain interfaces,  accessories that can be used with the interfaces,  and features for controlling stimulation delivered through the interfaces. Multiple indications for the skull/brain interfaces are also disclosed,  including diagnosis and treatment of neurological disorders and conditions such as epilepsy,  movement disorders,  depression,  Alzheimer' s disease,  autism,  coma,  and pain.

摘要（翻译）：公开的方法，装置，和系统用于通过聚焦的源的刺激诱导的神经调节通过一种颅骨\/脑接口在所形成的一个孔形成在所述的颅骨，一种天然存在的穿孔在所述的颅骨，或一种经颅通道。还公开的方法，装置，和系统用于引导和聚焦信号或其它能量从所述的感测的脑用于测量，热转移和\/或成像。进一步公开的方法，装置，和系统用于识别其中与定位颅骨\/脑接口，辅料，其可被用于与该接口，和特征，用于控制通过该接口传送的刺激。多个用于所述的颅骨\/脑接口是还公开了适应症，包括诊断和治疗神经疾病和条件的这种作为癫痫，运动失调，抑郁症，阿尔茨海默氏疾病，孤独症，昏迷，和疼痛。

公开（公告）号：WO2009067323A1

公开（公告）日：2009-05-28

申请号：WOUS08081655

申请日：2008-10-29

申请人：NEUROPACE INC; PLESS Benjamin; CHAO Daniel; WINGELER Brett; TCHENG Thomas

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





332、CANCER THERAPY

标题（翻译）：癌症的治疗

摘要：The invention provides therapy for treating cancers,  such as Bcl-2+ cancers,  and Bcl-XL- cancers,  and other neoplasms,  using romidepsin. The invention provides,  inter alia,  methods of treating lymphomas,  e.g.,  lymphomas characterized by one or more of Bcl-2 expression,  lack of overexpression of Bcl-XL,  lack of overexpression of P-glycoprotein,  with romidepsin. In some embodiments,  the lymphoma is a cutaneous T cell lymphoma. In some embodiments,  the lymphoma is a peripheral T cell lymphoma. Romidepsin can be administered a dosages ranging from 0.5 mg/m2 to approximately 28 mg/m2 (e.g.,  from 1 mg/m2 to 15 mg/m2,  from 4 mg/m2 to 15 mg/m2,  from 8 mg/m2 to 14 mg/m2,  or from 4 mg/m2 to approximately 10 mg/m2). Romidepsin can be administered with a second agent,  such as a cytotoxic agent,  a steroidal agent,  a proteasome inhibitor,  or a kinase inhibitor.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了治疗用于治疗癌症，如bcl-2+癌症，和Bcl-XL-癌症，和其它肿瘤，使用romidepsin。本发明提供了，特别是，治疗淋巴瘤的方法，E。G。，淋巴瘤，其特征在于通过一个或多个BCL-2表达，BCL的过量表达缺乏的-XL，P-糖蛋白的过度表达缺乏的; 与romidepsin。在一些实施方案中，该淋巴瘤是一种皮肤T细胞淋巴瘤。在一些实施方案中，该淋巴瘤是一种外周T细胞淋巴瘤。romidepsin可被给药的剂量范围为从0.5毫克\/平方米至约28毫克\/平方米(E。G。，从1毫克\/平方米至15毫克\/平方米，从4毫克\/平方米至15毫克\/平方米，从8毫克\/平方米至14毫克\/平方米，或从4毫克\/平方米至约10毫克\/平方米)。romidepsin可被用的给药第二剂，如一种细胞毒性剂，一种甾体剂，一种蛋白酶体抑制剂，或一种激酶抑制剂。

公开（公告）号：WO2010047714A1

公开（公告）日：2010-04-29

申请号：WOUS08081107

申请日：2008-10-24

申请人：GLOUCESTER PHARMACEUTICALS; PETER MACCALLUM CANCER CENTRE; KEEGAN Mitchell; JOHNSTONE Ricky W; NEWBOLD Andrea; CLUSE Leonie

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





333、AUTOMATIC SEGMENTATION OF ARTICULAR CARTILAGE IN MR IMAGES

标题（翻译）：MR图像中的软骨articular的自动分割

摘要：This invention concerns the automatic segmentation of articular cartilage in magnetic resonance (MR) images,  especially but not exclusively for knee cartilage. In one aspect the invention is a method,  in another it is software. In particular the following steps may be used :  Filtering the captured patient specific MR image data to smooth it and extracting gradients from it. Generating a patient specific 3D model of the articular bone surfaces,  by fitting an a priori 3D model of the bone surfaces to captured patient specific MR image data. Relaxing the patient specific 3Dmodel of the bone surfaces along a probable bone-cartilage interface (BCI) derived from a priori knowledge of the BCI,  and updating the patient specific 3D model to identify the BCI. Estimating the properties of the tissue types in the updated patient specific 3D model. And,  applying the estimates of tissue types and the extracted gradients as process drivers to a cost function that iteratively assigns values that define the cartilage in the updated patient specific 3D model using an a priori model of expected cartilage properties,  to produce a bone-cartilage segmentation with one common BCI.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及磁共振(MR)中的软骨articular所述的自动分割图像，特别但不排他地用于膝软骨。在本发明的一个方面是一种方法，在另一它是软件。在可以使用特定的所述以下步骤 : 过滤所述捕获的患者的特定MR图像数据，以使其平滑和从它提取梯度。所述articular产生一个患者的特定的3D模型的骨表面，通过装配一个先验的3D模型所述骨表面，以捕获的患者的特定MR图像数据。缓和所述患者的特定3admodel所述骨表面沿一个可能导出的骨软骨接口(bci)从一个先验BCI所述的知识，并更新所述患者的特定3D模型，以识别所述BCI。估计所述特性的所述所述更新的患者组织类型中特定的3D模型。和，将组织类型和所述提取的所述估计作为过程驱动器以一种成本函数，其梯度迭代地分配在所述更新的值，其限定所述的软骨患者的特定的3D模型使用一个先验模型预期的软骨特性，以产生一骨软骨与一个共同的BCI分割。

公开（公告）号：WO2009052562A1

公开（公告）日：2009-04-30

申请号：WOAU08001559

申请日：2008-10-22

申请人：COMMONWEALTH SCIENTIFIC AND INDUSTRIAL RESEARCH ORGANISATION; FRIPP Jurgen; OURSELIN Sebastien; CROZIER Stuart

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





334、4-PYRIMIDINESULFAMIDE DERIVATIVE

标题（翻译）：4-pyrimidinesulfamide衍生物

摘要：The invention relates to the compound of structural formula (I) and the salts thereof. Said compound is useful as endothelin receptor antagonist. The invention further relates to a process for preparing said compound.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及结构式(I)的化合物和所述的盐及其。所述化合物是有用的作为内皮素受体拮抗剂。本发明还涉及一种用于制备所述化合物的方法。

公开（公告）号：WO2009024906A1

公开（公告）日：2009-02-26

申请号：WOIB08053282

申请日：2008-08-15

申请人：ACTELION PHARMACEUTICALS LTD; BOLLI Martin; BOSS Christoph; TREIBER Alexander

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





335、METHOD FOR PREDICTING RESPONSE TO TAMOXIFEN

标题（翻译）：用于预测方法响应到tamoxifen

摘要：This invention relates,  e.g.,  to a method for predicting the response of a subject having,  or at risk of developing,  breast cancer to Tamoxifen therapy. The method comprises measuring the amount of phosphorylation at residues S70 of Bcl-2,  Y992 of EGFR,  and/or Y527 of Src in a suitable sample from the subject,  wherein a statistically significantly elevated level of phosphorylation at one or more of the three residues compared to a baseline value indicates that the subject is likely to be responsive to Tamoxifen therapy.

摘要（翻译）：本发明是一种，E。G。，以一种用于预测的所述响应一对象的方法具有，或在显影的风险，乳房癌，以tamoxifen治疗。该方法包括测量所述bcl-2磷酸化在残留物的量的s70，EGFR的y992，和\/或的y527一种合适的样品中的SRC从所述主题，其中磷酸化的一个统计上显著升高的电平在一个或多个所述三个残留物以一基线相比的值表明该主题是可能的，以响应到tamoxifen治疗。

公开（公告）号：WO2009014761A2

公开（公告）日：2009-01-29

申请号：WOUS08009105

申请日：2008-07-28

申请人：GEORGE MASON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTIES INC; PETRICOIN Emanuel F III; LIOTTA Lance A; WULFKUHLE Julia D

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





336、METHOD FOR ETCHING METAL NITRIDE WITH HIGH SELECTIVITY TO OTHER MATERIALS

标题（翻译）：用于蚀刻金属氮化物具有高选择性的方法，以其他材料

摘要：A method and system of etching a metal nitride,  such as titanium nitride,  is described. The etching process comprises introducing a process composition having a halogen containing gas,  such as Cl2,  HBr,  or BCl3,  and a hydrocarbon gas having the chemical formula CxHy,  where x and y are equal to unity or greater.

摘要（翻译）：一种方法和系统的刻蚀一金属氮化物，诸如氮化钛，被描述。该刻蚀工艺包括引入一种处理组合物具有一种含卤素气体，诸如Cl2，HBr，或BCl3，和一烃气体具有所述的化学公式cxhy，其中x和y是等于单位或更大。

公开（公告）号：WO2009018057A1

公开（公告）日：2009-02-05

申请号：WOUS08070920

申请日：2008-07-23

申请人：TOKYO ELECTRON LIMITED; KO Akiteru; TAKAHASHI Hiroyuki; SAWATAISHI Masayuki

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





337、AN OPTICAL WAVEGUIDE STRUCTURE AND METHOD OF MANUFACTURE THEREOF

标题（翻译）：一种制造光波导的结构和方法，其

摘要：An optical waveguide structure comprising a III-V semiconductor substrate;  a III-V semiconductor top layer;  and,  an etch stop layer sandwiched therebetween,  the etch stop layer containing Aluminium or Phosphorous;  the top layer comprising first and second spaced apart recesses extending through the top layer to the etch stop layer and defining an optical waveguide therebetween.

摘要（翻译）：一个光学波导结构包括III-V半导体衬底; 一种III-V半导体顶部层; 以及，一蚀刻停止层夹在它们之间，所述蚀刻停止层包含铝或磷; 所述顶部层包括第一和第二间隔开的凹槽延伸通过所述顶部层到所述蚀刻停止层和限定光学波导之间。

公开（公告）号：WO2009016341A2

公开（公告）日：2009-02-05

申请号：WOGB08002376

申请日：2008-07-10

申请人：FILTRONIC COMPOUND SEMICONDUCTORS LIMITED; MURDOCH Gayle; O' KEEFE Matthew Francis; CLEMENTS Stephen John

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





338、PLASMA ETCHING APPARATUS AND METHOD OF ETCHING WAFER

标题（翻译）：等离子体蚀刻蚀刻晶片的装置和方法

摘要：Provided is a plasma etching equipment and a method of etching a wafer using the plasma etching equipment. The plasma etching equipment includes a chamber,  a wafer support disposed in the chamber and configured to support a wafer and move the wafer vertically,  a plasma generation unit configured to generate plasma in the chamber,  an etch gas supply unit configured to supply an etch gas into the chamber,  and a remote plasma generation unit configured to excite a post-process gas into a plasma state and supply it into the chamber.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供一种等离子体蚀刻设备和一种使用所述的等离子体蚀刻设备蚀刻晶片的方法。所述的等离子体蚀刻设备包括一个室，一晶片支撑件，设置在所述腔室和被配置为支持一晶片和垂直移动所述晶片，一等离子体生成单元配置到该室中产生等离子体，蚀刻气体电源单元，被配置以提供一种蚀刻气体进入该室，以及一远程等离子体生成单元配置以激发一个后处理气体为等离子体状态和供应其到所述腔室。

公开（公告）号：WO2009008659A2

公开（公告）日：2009-01-15

申请号：WOKR08004026

申请日：2008-07-09

申请人：SOSUL CO LTD; RHA Kwan Goo; LEE Jung Hee; JANG Chul Hee; LEE Gil Hun; HAN Young Ki

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





339、FUNCTIONALIZATION OF MICROSCOPY PROBE TIPS

标题（翻译）：显微探针尖端的功能化

摘要：The invention comprises a method of functionalizing scanning probe microscope (SPM) tips to image and/or measure interactions between surfaces,  including the surfaces of inorganic,  organic-inorganic hybrid,  organic,  magnetic/conductive,  hard coatings and biological materials. The invention further comprises the use of atomic layer deposition (ALD) to functionalize SPM tips.

摘要（翻译）：本发明包括一尖端以图像扫描探针显微镜(SPM)官能化的方法和\/或测量表面之间的交互，包括所述表面的无机，有机-无机混合，有机，磁\/导电性，硬涂层和生物材料。本发明还包括使用原子层沉积(ALD)工艺的functionalizeSPM的尖端。

公开（公告）号：WO2009001220A2

公开（公告）日：2008-12-31

申请号：WOIB08002466

申请日：2008-06-25

申请人：UNIVERSITETET I OSLO; NILSEN Ola; FJELLVAG Helmer; HAUGEN Havard J; LYNGSTADASS Stale Petter; ELLINGSEN Jan Eirik; LAMOLLE Sebastien Francis

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





340、METHOD AND DEVICE FOR COMPUTER-AIDED PREDICTION OF INTENDED MOVEMENTS

标题（翻译）：方法和装置，用于预期运动的计算机-辅助预测

摘要：Method and device for computer-aided prediction of intended movements from neuronal signals of a brain,  wherein the neuronal signals are each associated in the brain with intended movements,  wherein neuronal signals are recorded and the most probable movements are determined from these,  specifically using a predetermined model in which a recorded neuronal signal and a determined movement are assigned to each other,  and,  for the probability with which a recorded neuronal signal corresponds to a respective predetermined movement,  a predetermined distribution is assumed that is defined by specific characteristic values,  wherein an adaptation of the neuronal signal is included in the predetermined model.

摘要（翻译）：方法和装置，用于预期的计算机-辅助预测的运动从脑神经元的信号，其中所述的神经元信号被每个所述脑中与预期运动相关联，其中神经元信号被记录和所述最可能的运动被确定的从这些，具体地使用其中一个记录神经元中的一个预定的模型信号和一个确定的运动被分配给每个其他，以及，用于该概率与其中一个记录神经元信号对应于一各自的预定的运动，一预定通过特定的特性值分布被假定是定义，其中一个所述的神经元的信号是包含适配在所述预定的模型。

公开（公告）号：EP2165296B1

公开（公告）日：2012-08-15

申请号：EP08761311

申请日：2008-06-23

申请人：Albert Ludwigs Universität Freiburg

当前法律状态：有效





341、Method and Device for Computer-Aided Prediction of Intended Movements

标题（翻译）：一种计算机辅助预测预期运动的方法及装置

摘要：Method and device for computer-aided prediction of intended movements from neuronal signals of a brain,  wherein the neuronal signals are each associated in the brain with intended movements,  wherein neuronal signals are recorded and the most probable movements are determined from these,  specifically using a predetermined model in which a recorded neuronal signal and a determined movement are assigned to each other,  and,  for the probability with which a recorded neuronal signal corresponds to a respective predetermined movement,  a predetermined distribution is assumed that is defined by specific characteristic values,  wherein an adaptation of the neuronal signal is included in the predetermined model.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于从脑的神经元信号中计算机辅助预测预期运动的方法和装置， 其中所述神经元信号在脑中各自与预期的运动相关联， 其中记录神经元信号并从这些信号确定最可能的运动， 具体地说，使用其中记录的神经元信号和确定的运动相互分配的预定模型， 并且，对于记录的神经元信号对应于相应的预定运动的概率，假定由特定特征值定义的预定分布，其中神经元信号的自适应被包括在预定模型中。

公开（公告）号：US20100274746A1

公开（公告）日：2010-10-28

申请号：US12665992

申请日：2008-06-23

申请人：ALBERT LUDWIGS UNIVERSITÄT FREIBURG

当前法律状态：暂缺





342、METHOD AND DEVICE FOR COMPUTER-AIDED PREDICTION OF INTENDED MOVEMENTS

标题（翻译）：方法和装置，用于预期运动的计算机-辅助预测

摘要：Method and device for computer-aided prediction of intended movements from neuronal signals of a brain,  wherein the neuronal signals are each associated in the brain with intended movements,  wherein neuronal signals are recorded and the most probable movements are determined from these,  specifically using a predetermined model in which a recorded neuronal signal and a determined movement are assigned to each other,  and,  for the probability with which a recorded neuronal signal corresponds to a respective predetermined movement,  a predetermined distribution is assumed that is defined by specific characteristic values,  wherein an adaptation of the neuronal signal is included in the predetermined model.

摘要（翻译）：方法和装置，用于预期的计算机-辅助预测的运动从脑神经元的信号，其中所述的神经元信号被每个所述脑中与预期运动相关联，其中神经元信号被记录和所述最可能的运动被确定的从这些，具体地使用其中一个记录神经元中的一个预定的模型信号和一个确定的运动被分配给每个其他，以及，用于该概率与其中一个记录神经元信号对应于一各自的预定的运动，一预定通过特定的特性值分布被假定是定义，其中一个所述的神经元的信号是包含适配在所述预定的模型。

公开（公告）号：WO2009000816A1

公开（公告）日：2008-12-31

申请号：WOEP08057978

申请日：2008-06-23

申请人：UNIV ALBERT LUDWIGS FREIBURG; RICKERT JOERN; MEHRING CARSTEN; BLUMBERG JULIE; BRAUN DANIEL; MILEKOVIC TOMISLAV; FISCHER JOERG

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





343、Method and system for generating load only to the targeted system,  not to the connected ones when doing performance,  load,  functional tests on the targeted system.

标题（翻译）：用于产生负载的方法和系统仅以所述目标系统，不连接到所述的那些做性能时，负载; 所述目标系统上功能测试。

摘要：PURPOSE :  A system and a method for causing load in an aimed system for a performance,  load,  and function test are provided to keep a normal operation of a linked system by causing the load in only the tested system.CONSTITUTION :  A code set by a user is performed by instrumenting a method of an object class,  which communicates with link systems by using the set instrument information,  by using a BCI(Byte Code Instrumentation) program(50). User setting information is transferred to a simulator manager(30) by using a web browser(70) and a JSP(Java Server Page) program(40). The simulator manager stores the user setting information. Various kinds of tests are performed to a web application(61) of a tested system by using a client program(60). The web application calls the method of the instrumented class to communicate with the link system. The method of the instrumented class performs the instrumented code instead of an original code. The instrumented code is processed based on the setting information by using the simulator handler.COPYRIGHT KIPO 2010

摘要（翻译）：目的 : 一种系统和一个用于使负载在目标系统的方法用于一性能，负载，和功能测试一个链接被提供以保持一个正常的操作通过使所述负载只被测系统中的系统。的结构 : 一个码组由一个用户是通过执行一个对象类的探测方法，其与链路通信通过使用所设定的仪器系统信息，通过使用一种BCI(字节码的仪表)程序(50)。用户设置信息被传送到一个模拟器管理器(30)通过使用一个Web浏览器(70)和JSP(Java服务器页面)程序(40)。该模拟器管理器存储该用户设置信息的。各种测试被执行到一个Web应用的(61)的一种通过使用一个客户机程序测试系统(60)。所述Web应用程序调用所装备的所述的方法类以与所述链路通信系统。该仪表类执行所装备的代码而不是所述的方法的一个原始码，所装备的代码是通过使用该模拟器处理基于在所述设置信息处理机。版权kipo2010

公开（公告）号：KR1020090127453A

公开（公告）日：2009-12-14

申请号：KR1020080053442

申请日：2008-06-09

申请人：PARK KEE BOK

当前法律状态：有效





344、METHODS AND SYSTEMS FOR CONTROLLING BODY PARTS AND DEVICES USING IPSILATERAL MOTOR CORTEX AND MOTOR RELATED CORTEX

标题（翻译）：控制物体的方法和系统使用同侧的电机部件和器件相关的白皮层和电机

摘要：A system for controlling a body part includes a number of sensing devices that sense signals from a hemisphere of a brain. A signal translating unit translates the signals into a command signal for controlling the body part,  which is on a same side of the body as the hemisphere of the brain. A prosthetic device receives the command signal from the signal translating unit and manipulates the body part in response to the command signal.

摘要（翻译）：系统控制主体部分包括多个感测装置的感测信号从一个半球体，健脑的功效。信号转换单元将控制信号转换为命令信号的主体部，它是在所述本体的同侧半球脑。假体装置接收命令信号从信号转换单元和响应于操纵所述本体部该命令信号。

公开（公告）号：EP2166935B1

公开（公告）日：2018-10-03

申请号：EP08780761

申请日：2008-06-05

申请人：Washington University

当前法律状态：部分在指定国家授权





345、METHODS AND COMPOUNDS FOR REGULATING APOPTOSIS

标题（翻译）：用于调节细胞凋亡的方法和化合物

摘要：An assay for determining compounds that inhibit activity of a BC1-2 protein,  or affect conversion of Bc1-2 from an antiapoptotic to a proapoptotic form are described. In addition,  compounds that modulate the function of anti-apoptotic proteins such as Bc1-2 and related Bc1-2 family members are identified.

摘要（翻译）：一种测定用于确定一种bc1-2化合物，其抑制活性的蛋白，或从一个antiapoptoticbc1-2的影响转换以一种proapoptotic形式被描述。另外，化合物，其调制所述的抗凋亡功能蛋白如bc1-2和bc1-2相关的家庭成员被识别。

公开（公告）号：WO2008154207A1

公开（公告）日：2008-12-18

申请号：WOUS08065567

申请日：2008-06-02

申请人：THE BURNHAM INSTITUTE FOR MEDICAL RESEARCH; REED John C; YIP Kenneth; SERGIENKO Eduard; SU Ying

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





346、Method and system for classifying brain signals in a BCI using a subject-specific model

标题（翻译）：用于使用对象特定模型对BCI中的脑信号进行分类的方法和系统

摘要：A method or system for classifying brain signals in a BCI. The system comprises a model building unit for building a subject-independent model using labelled brain signals from a pool of subjects.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于在BCI中对脑信号进行分类的方法或系统。 该系统包括模型构建单元，用于使用来自受试者池的标记脑信号构建与受试者无关的模型。

公开（公告）号：US8849727B2

公开（公告）日：2014-09-30

申请号：US12994691

申请日：2008-05-26

申请人：Agency for Science Technology and Research

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





347、A METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR CLASSIFYING BRAIN SIGNALS IN A BCI

标题（翻译）：一种用于分类的方法和系统脑信号在一个BCI

摘要：A method or system for classifying brain signals in a BCI. The system comprises a model building unit for building a subject-independent model using labelled brain signals from a pool of subjects.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于分类的方法或系统BCI脑中的信号。该系统包括一个模型建立单元，用于建立一种使用标记的主题无关的模型脑信号从一个池的主题。

公开（公告）号：WO2009145725A1

公开（公告）日：2009-12-03

申请号：WOSG08000192

申请日：2008-05-26

申请人：AGENCY FOR SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH; LU Shijian; GUAN Cuntai; ZHANG Haihong

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





348、患者手术全麻知晓的定量监测指标设备

标题（翻译）：Quantitative monitoring index equipment for reviving patient after general Anesthesia operation

摘要：本发明公开了一种患者手术全麻知晓的定量监测指标设备，它包括：脑电信号表面电极、滤波电路、脑电放大电路、脑诱发电位放大器、模数转换器、计算脑40Hz诱发听稳态指数的计算机、声音刺激电路。计算机生成的两导脑诱发电位信号和脑电图信号曲线存入数据缓存器中；声音刺激电路包括：40Hz声音调制电路和声音放大电路；计算机同步于4个声音刺激，每100毫秒获得两导脑诱发和脑电数字信号，清数据缓存器。本发明具有如下的优点和积极效果：40Hz听稳态技术不同于其它听觉诱发电位的主要优点就在于刺激的节律同步于听觉中潜伏期的波峰位置，形成共振的效应，提高了信号的强度和规律性，使诱发电位的提取变得相对容易，加强了诱发电位技术在临床实际应用的可能性。

摘要（翻译）：The patent refers to the field of ' non-surgical medicinal methods' . The invention discloses a device for quantitative monitoring indicators of a patient with awareness during the general anesthesia operation,  which comprises :  an EEG signal surface electrode,  a filter circuit,  an EEG amplification circuit,  a brain evoked potential amplifier,  an analog-to-digital converter,  a computer for calculating the brain 40Hz auditory evoked steady state response index and a sound stimulating circuit. Two brain evoked potential signals and an EEG signal curve which are generated by the computer are stored in a data cache;  the sound stimulating circuit comprises :  a 40Hz sound modulation circuit and a sound amplification circuit;  the computer is synchronous with four sound stimulus,  two brain evoked and EEG digital signals are obtained every 100ms and then the data cache is cleared. The device has the following advantages and positive effects :  the 40Hz auditory steady state technology is different from other auditory evoked potentials,  the major advantage thereof is that the rhythm of the stimulus is synchronous with the position of the wave peak of auditory middle latency,  thus forming the resonance effect,  improving the signal intensity and regularity,  allowing the extraction of the evoked potential to be easier and strengthening the probability of the clinical practical application of the evoked potential technology.

公开（公告）号：CN101273887A

公开（公告）日：2008-10-01

申请号：CN200810105865.9

申请日：2008-05-07

申请人：张炳熙; 吴一兵

当前法律状态：撤回





349、Electrophysiological sensor,  weak electrical signal conditioning circuit and method for controlling said circuit

标题（翻译）：电生理传感器、微弱电信号调节电路和控制所述电路方法

摘要：An electrophysiological sensor,  weak electrical signal conditioning circuit and method for controlling the circuit as provided. The sensor includes rigid filiform conducting nanostructures connected to a conducting substrate and operable to penetrate an organic tissue. The circuit includes an instrumentation amplifier with an input connected to a first electrode in contact with a first area of a medium,  and a second input;  a voltage generating device connected to an electrode in contact with a second area of the medium for applying a continuous reference signal to it;  a compensator,  electrically insulated from the device,  for compensating the direct current offsets of a weak electrical signal received by the first electrode,  generating a signal with a reference voltage with a value which can be modified by a control system,  and supplying it to the second input. A method is also provided for controlling the circuit.

摘要（翻译）：一种电生理传感器、微弱电信号调节电路和用于控制所述电路的方法。 所述传感器包括刚性丝状导电纳米结构，所述刚性丝状导电纳米结构连接到导电衬底并可操作以穿透有机组织。 所述电路包括仪表放大器和第二输入，所述仪表放大器的输入连接到与介质的第一区域接触的第一电极； 电压产生装置，其连接到与所述介质的第二区域接触的电极，用于向所述电极施加连续参考信号； 补偿器，与所述装置电绝缘，用于补偿由所述第一电极接收的微弱电信号的直流偏移，产生具有可由控制系统修改的值的参考电压的信号，并将其提供给所述第二输入端。 还提供了一种用于控制该电路的方法。

公开（公告）号：US20090024017A1

公开（公告）日：2009-01-22

申请号：US12107392

申请日：2008-04-22

申请人：STARLAB BARCELONA SL

当前法律状态：暂缺





350、SOI SUBSTRATE AND MANUFACTURING METHOD OF THE SAME,  AND SEMICONDUCTOR DEVICE

标题（翻译）：SOI衬底和所述相同的制造方法，和半导体装置。

摘要：A manufacturing method of a semiconductor substrate is provided,  in which a bonding strength can be increased even when a substrate having low heat resistant temperature,  e.g.,  a glass substrate,  is used. Heat treatment is conducted at a temperature higher than or equal to a strain point of a support substrate in an oxidation atmosphere containing halogen,  so that a surface of a semiconductor substrate is covered with an insulating film. A separation layer is formed in the semiconductor substrate. A blocking layer is provided. Then,  heat treatment is conducted in a state in which the semiconductor substrate and the support substrate are superposed with the silicon oxide film therebetween,  at a temperature lower than or equal to the support substrate,  so that a part of the semiconductor substrate is separated at the separation layer. In this manner,  a single crystal semiconductor layer is formed on the support substrate.

摘要（翻译）：一被提供一半导体衬底的制造方法，在其键合强度可以增加即使当一个衬底具有低耐热温度，E。G。，一个玻璃基板，被使用。进行热处理是在温度高于或等于一支撑衬底的应变点在氧化气氛含卤素，使得一个半导体衬底的表面被覆盖有绝缘膜。一分离层是形成在所述半导体衬底。一个阻断层被提供。然后，进行热处理是在一种状态，其中所述半导体衬底和所述支撑衬底被叠加与所述硅氧化物膜位于其间，在温度低于或等于所述支撑衬底，使得一个所述半导体衬底的部分是所述分离层处分离。在这种方式，一种单晶半导体层是所述支撑衬底上形成。

公开（公告）号：WO2008136225A1

公开（公告）日：2008-11-13

申请号：WOJP08056001

申请日：2008-03-21

申请人：SEMICONDUCTOR ENERGY LABORATORY CO LTD; YAMAZAKI Shunpei

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





351、METHOD OF SCREENING

标题（翻译）：筛选的方法

摘要：A method of screening for a molecule which decreases apoptosis of a cell,  comprising :  i) combining the candidate molecule and an assay cell;  and ii) determining the change in survival of the assay cell in the presence of the molecule relative to a control. In one embodiment,  the assay cell is treated with an apoptosis inducing agent prior to or between steps i) and ii). In one example,  the treating agent reduces the level or activity of a pro-survival member of the Bcl-2 protein family,  such as Bcl xL or Mcl 1. In another embodiment,  the level or activity of at least one pro-survival member of the Bcl-2 family is reduced in the cell of step i). In some embodiments,  this is independent of any effect of the candidate molecule or apoptosis promoting agent. By reducing the level or activity of one or more pro-survival Bcl-2 protein family members in the assay cell,  the cell will undergo apoptosis mediated inter alia by Bak or Bax or Bak and Bax unless it is rescued by the candidate molecule.

摘要（翻译）：一个用于一个分子的筛选方法，其降低了凋亡的一种电池，包括 : i)结合所述候选分子和一个测定电池; 和ii)确定该变化在所述检测细胞的存活在该分子的存在相对于一控制。在一个实施例中，所述测定单元是与凋亡诱导剂之前或之间的处理步骤i)和ii)。在一个例子，该处理剂减少了所述电平或一种Pro存活的活动件的Bcl-2蛋白家庭，诸如XLBCL或MC11。在另一实施例中，所述至少一个Pro存活水平或活性的构件Bcl-2的家庭是减少该电池中的步骤I)。在一些实施例中，这是独立的任何所述候选分子或细胞凋亡促进剂的效果。通过降低所述电平或活动的一个或多个Pro-在所述检测细胞存活Bcl-2蛋白家族成员; 该单元将经历由bak或Bax尤其间介导的凋亡或bak和Bax，除非它是救援通过所述候选分子。

公开（公告）号：WO2008113131A1

公开（公告）日：2008-09-25

申请号：WOAU08000403

申请日：2008-03-20

申请人：THE WALTER AND ELIZA HALL INSTITUTE OF MEDICAL RESEARCH; KILE Benjamin Thomas; HUANG David C S

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





352、System and method for processing brain signals in a BCI system

标题（翻译）：用于在BCI系统中处理脑信号的系统和方法

摘要：A system and method for processing brain signals in a BCI system. The method of processing brain signals in a BCI system includes the steps of processing the brain signals for control state detection to determine if a subject intends to use the BCI system;  and processing the brain signals for command recognition if the control state detection method determines that the subject intends to use the BCI system.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于在BCI系统中处理脑信号的系统和方法。 在BCI系统中处理脑信号的方法包括步骤 : 处理脑信号以用于控制状态检测，以确定对象是否打算使用BCI系统； 如果所述控制状态检测方法确定所述对象打算使用所述BCI系统，则处理所述脑信号以用于命令识别。

公开（公告）号：US8463371B2

公开（公告）日：2013-06-11

申请号：US12527050

申请日：2008-02-11

申请人：Agency for Science Technology and Research

当前法律状态：暂缺





353、A SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR CLASSIFYING BRAIN SIGNALS IN A BCI SYSTEM

标题（翻译）：一种系统和方法用于分类脑一种bci系统中信号

摘要：A method and system for classifying brain signals in a BCI system. The method for classifying brain signals in a BCI system comprises the steps of :  extracting CSP features for N1 training trials;  calculating classifiers based on the extracted CSP features;  classifying N2 test trials;  and iteratively;  re-extracting CSP features for all N1+N2 trials;  re-calculating classifiers based on the re-extracted CSP features;  re-classifying the N2 test trials;  and determining whether a variation in the re-classification of the N2 test trials compared to a previous iteration is equal to or lower than a threshold.

摘要（翻译）：一种方法和系统用于分类脑信号中的bci系统。该方法用于分类的脑中的信号的bci系统包括该步骤为 : 提取CSP的特征在于用于n1训练试验; 计算基于所提取的分类器的CSP的特征; 分类n2试验试验; 和迭代; 再将CSP的特征在于用于所有n1+n2试验; 重新计算基于所述的稀土-提取的分类器的CSP的特征; 重新分类N2试验试验; 和确定是否的变化在本发明的再-N2的分类测试试验相比，对一种先前的迭代是等于或低于一个阈值。

公开（公告）号：WO2008097200A1

公开（公告）日：2008-08-14

申请号：WOSG08000047

申请日：2008-02-11

申请人：AGENCY FOR SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH; LI Yuanqing; GUAN Cuntai; LI Huiqi

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





354、METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS RELATING TO THE REGULATION OF APOPTOSIS BY MUC1 AND BH3- CONTAINING PROAPOPTOTIC PROTEINS

标题（翻译）：涉及所述的方法和组合物通过muc1和含bh3proapoptotic凋亡的调节蛋白

摘要：This invention relates to regulation of cell signaling,  cell growth,  and more particularly to the regulation of cancer or immune cell growth. The invention provides methods of inhibiting interactions between MUC1 and BH3 -containing proapoptotic proteins,  methods of inhibiting MUC1 expression,  and methods of promoting apoptosis. Also provided are screening methods for compounds that inhibit interactions between MUC1 and BH3 -containing proapoptotic proteins and pharmaceutical compositions of the same.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及调节小区的信令，细胞生长，和更具体地涉及所述的调节癌症或免疫细胞生长。本发明提供抑制muc1之间的相互作用的方法和含bh3proapoptotic蛋白，muc1表达抑制的方法; 和促进细胞凋亡的方法。本发明还提供了筛选方法用于muc1之间的相互作用抑制化合物和含bh3proapoptotic蛋白和药物所述相同的组合物。

公开（公告）号：WO2008097844A2

公开（公告）日：2008-08-14

申请号：WOUS08052799

申请日：2008-02-01

申请人：DANA FARBER CANCER INSTITUTE INC; KUFE Donald W

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





355、Telephone call handling method for busy call subscriber device,  involves connecting server to logging device,  determining call subscriber device for busy signal call,  and displaying subscriber of busy call subscriber device

标题（翻译）：电话呼叫遇忙呼叫处理方法，用户装置，涉及服务器与测井装置，确定主叫用户忙信号呼叫装置，并显示用户遇忙呼叫用户的装置

摘要：In a method for the treatment of calls for a busy called customer premises equipment (Ty) in a telecommunications network with a private branch exchange (NI) (A),  the calling subscriber devices (Tx) wherein the analysed has occupied,  called customer premises equipment "occupied" transmitted directly (Ty) and a signal from the control of the data transmission connections (M) for Logging a logger event data concerned,  the traced event data to the PBX (A) are connected by an associated with [...] -server and the customer premises equipment (Ty) the PBX (A) and an "occupied" signaled as a calling subscriber equipment (Tx) (Y) of the Occupied Call is determined and displayed (Ty) the subscriber called customer premises equipment.

摘要（翻译）：用于治疗与程序参与者被叫呼叫占用的机构(Ty)在电信网(ni)与程控交换机(A)，其传送呼叫参与者机构(Tx)，在占用被叫参与者机构(Ty)信号直接的“被占用”并显示测井仪(M)，用于测井数据的通信连接控制的事件有关的数据，分析已记录事件数据由一个附着在该PABX的BCI服务器(A)和确定所述参与者机构PABX(Ty)的(a)分配和呼叫参与者机构(Tx)为“被占用”(y)发信号通知呼叫和参与者被叫参与者所占用的机构(Ty)表示。

公开（公告）号：DE102008007136A1

公开（公告）日：2009-08-06

申请号：DE102008007136

申请日：2008-01-31

申请人：ROMICO GMBH

当前法律状态：未授权放弃





356、METHOD OF TREATING A GAS STREAM

标题（翻译）：治疗的方法一种气体物流

摘要：A method is described for treating a gas stream containing a flammable gas,  such as hydrogen or a hydrocarbon gas. The gas stream is conveyed to a liquid ring pump (18),  to which a gaseous oxidant and water are supplied. The water a' nd the gas stream are discharged from the pump (18),  with the discharged gas stream being subsequently separated from the liquid,  and conveyed to a pyrolysis device (42) for pyrolysing the flammable gas and the oxidant. Any particulates and acidic species within the gas stream are retained by the water within the liquid ring pump to inhibit corrosion or blockage of the pyrolysis device (42). A filter or other device (40) may be provided to remove water from the gas stream before it enters the pyrolysis device (42).

摘要（翻译）：一种方法是描述用于处理一种气体物流含有一种可燃性气体，如氢或一种烃类气体。该气体物流被输送到一种液体环泵(18)，以其中一种气态氧化剂和水被供给的。该水的' nd该气体物流排出从所述泵(18)，与所排出的气体物流被随后从该液体分离，并输送到一热解装置(42)用于热解该可燃性气体和氧化剂。任何颗粒和酸性物质在所述气体流是通过所述的水保留在该液体环泵到本发明的热解抑制腐蚀或堵塞装置(42)。一种过滤器或其它装置(40)可以被提供到它之前除去水从该气体物流进入热解装置(42)。

公开（公告）号：WO2008099206A1

公开（公告）日：2008-08-21

申请号：WOGB08050045

申请日：2008-01-23

申请人：EDWARDS LIMITED; SMITH James Robert; KNIGHT Gary Peter

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





357、METHODS FOR RECESS ETCHING

标题（翻译）：用于凹槽刻蚀的方法

摘要：Methods for recess etching are provided herein that advantageously improve lateral to vertical etch ratio requirements,  thereby enabling deeper recess etching while maintaining relatively shallow vertical etch depths. Such enhanced lateral etch methods advantageously provide benefits for numerous applications where lateral to vertical etch depth ratios are constrained or where recesses or cavities are desired to be formed. In some embodiments,  a method of recess etching includes providing a substrate having a structure formed thereon;  forming a recess in the substrate at least partially beneath the structure using a first etch process;  forming a selective passivation layer on the substrate;  and extending the recess in the substrate using a second etch process. The selective passivation layer is generally formed on regions of the substrate adjacent to the structure but generally not within the recess. The first and second etch processes may be the same or different.

摘要（翻译）：这里被提供用于凹槽刻蚀的方法，其有利地提高横向与垂直蚀刻比的要求，从而使更深的凹部蚀刻，同时保持相对浅的垂直蚀刻深度。这种增强的横向刻蚀方法有利地用于许多应用中提供的好处，其中侧向垂直蚀刻深度比约束或其中凹槽或空腔是要形成所希望的。在一些实施例中，一凹槽刻蚀的方法包括提供一衬底具有在其上形成一结构; 所述衬底中形成一凹槽至少部分地该结构使用一个第一下面的蚀刻工艺; 所述衬底上形成一选择性的钝化层; 和使用一个第二延伸的所述凹槽在所述基板蚀刻过程。所述选择性的钝化层通常形成在所述基板的相邻区域，以所述结构，但通常不所述凹槽内。第一和第二的蚀刻工艺可以相同或不同。

公开（公告）号：WO2008076812A2

公开（公告）日：2008-06-26

申请号：WOUS07087408

申请日：2007-12-13

申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; SHEN Meihua; CHEN Rong; WILLIAMS Scott M

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





358、PLASMA IMMERSED ION IMPLANTATION PROCESS

标题（翻译）：等离子体浸没离子注入方法。

摘要：Methods for implanting ions into a substrate by a plasma immersion ion implanting process are provided. In one embodiment,  the method for implanting ions into a substrate by a plasma immersion ion implantation process includes providing a substrate into a processing chamber,  supplying a gas mixture including a reacting gas and a reducing gas into the chamber,  and implanting ions from the gas mixture into the substrate. In another embodiment,  the method includes providing a substrate into a processing chamber,  supplying a gas mixture including reacting gas and a hydrogen containing reducing gas into the chamber,  and implanting ions from the gas mixture into the substrate.

摘要（翻译）：用于植入离子到衬底的方法通过一种等离子体浸没离子注入工艺是提供。在一个实施例中，该用于植入离子到衬底的方法通过一种等离子体浸没离子注入方法包括提供一衬底放入处理室，供给一种气体混合物包括一种反应气体和还原气体进入该室，和离子注入从该气体混合物进入该衬底。在另一实施例中，该方法包括提供一衬底到加工室; 供给一种气体混合物包括反应气体和一种含氢还原气体进入该室，和植入离子从该气体混合物进入该衬底。

公开（公告）号：WO2008073845A1

公开（公告）日：2008-06-19

申请号：WOUS07086848

申请日：2007-12-07

申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; LI Shijian; RAMASWAMY Kartik; GALLO Biagio; LEE Dong Hyung; FOAD Majeed A

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





359、COMPOSITES AND METHODS FOR INHIBITION OF THE PROTEIN INTERACTION BCL WITH LINKING PARTNERS

标题（翻译）：本发明的复合物和方法用于抑制蛋白与联配偶体相互作用，BCL

摘要：One aspect of the present invention relates to heterocyclic compounds that bind to bcl proteins and inhibit Bcl function. Another aspect of the present invention relates to compositions comprising a heterocyclic compound of the invention. The present invention provides methods for treating and modulating disorders associated with hyperproliferation,  such as cancer.

摘要（翻译）：本发明的一个方面涉及杂环的化合物结合到BCL蛋白质和抑制BCL功能。本发明的另一个方面涉及本发明组合物包括一种杂环的化合物。本发明提供了用于治疗与过度增殖和调节相关的疾病的方法，如癌症。

公开（公告）号：BRPI0718606A2

公开（公告）日：2013-12-17

申请号：BRPI0718606

申请日：2007-11-14

申请人：INFINITY DISCOVERY INC

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





360、COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR INHIBITING THE INTERACTION OF BCL PROTEINS WITH BINDING PARTNERS

标题（翻译）：Bcl-xL化合物和方法用于抑制该相互作用的蛋白与结合配偶体

摘要：One aspect of the present invention relates to heterocyclic compounds that bind to bcl proteins and inhibit BcI function. Another aspect of the present invention relates to compositions comprising a heterocyclic compound of the invention. The present invention provides methods for treating and modulating disorders associated with hyperproliferation,  such as cancer.

摘要（翻译）：本发明的一个方面涉及杂环的化合物结合到BCL蛋白质和抑制bci功能。另一个本发明的方面涉及本发明组合物包括一种杂环的化合物。本发明提供的方法用于治疗与过度增殖和调节相关的疾病，如癌症。

公开（公告）号：WO2008060569A1

公开（公告）日：2008-05-22

申请号：WOUS07023941

申请日：2007-11-14

申请人：INFINITY DISCOVERY INC; CASTRO Alfredo C; HOLSON Edward B; HOPKINS Brian T; KONEY Nii O; SNYDER Daniel A; TIBBITTS Thomas T

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





361、METHODS OF INHIBITING CELL DEATH OR INFLAMMATION IN A MAMMAL

标题（翻译）：抑制细胞死亡或发炎的方法在一种哺乳动物

摘要：Methods are provided for inhibiting cell death or inflammation in a mammal concurrent with or after the onset of a condition expected to lead to cell death or inflammation. The methods each include the step of administering to a mammal a Bcl protein in an amount sufficient to inhibit cell death or inflammation in the mammal. Methods are also provided for identifying a Bcl protein that inhibits cell death or inflammation when administered to a mammal concurrent with or after the onset of a condition expected to lead to cell death or inflammation.

摘要（翻译）：方法是提供用于一种哺乳动物中抑制细胞死亡或炎症并发与所述的发作或后一期望条件以铅以细胞死亡或发炎。所述的方法每个包括给予所述的步骤以一种哺乳动物一种bcl蛋白在一种量足以抑制所述的哺乳动物中细胞死亡或发炎。方法是还提供用于识别一个bcl蛋白，其抑制细胞死亡或当施用到一种哺乳动物的炎症并发与或后所述一个条件的发作预期到铅以细胞死亡或发炎。

公开（公告）号：WO2008150308A2

公开（公告）日：2008-12-11

申请号：WOUS07084052

申请日：2007-11-08

申请人：UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON; HARLAN John M; WINN Robert K

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





362、Three-dimensional localization,  display,  recording,  and analysis of electrical activity in the cerebral cortex

标题（翻译）：大脑皮层电活动的三维定位、显示、记录和分析

摘要：The present invention describes a method and apparatus to localize the electrical signals measured from a subject' s scalp surface,  preferably in near-real time,  and to generate dynamic three-dimensional information of the electrical activity occurring within the cerebral cortex of the brain. In the preferred embodiment,  it can produce images that can be immediately inspected and analyzed by an operator in near-real time,  resulting in a powerful new cortical imaging modality,  which we denote as Dynamic Electrocortical Imaging (DECI). The present invention involves the use of a computer,  an electroencephalographic (EEG) amplifier,  EEG electrodes,  and custom software. It can measure healthy and diseased cortical events and states in both conscious and unconscious subjects. This is useful,  as it allows for the diagnosis,  monitoring and treatment of cortical disorders,  while also furthering the understanding of the human brain and lending use to additional non-medical applications such as in entertainment,  education,  lie-detection and industry. The invention in one embodiment is implemented using software in conjunction with readily available EEG hardware. Furthermore,  this same method can be applied to pre-existing data and when doing so,  EEG hardware is not required. Having a practical near-real time 3D imaging system brings a far more accessible technology to doctors,  researchers,  individuals,  and private clinics to better diagnose,  monitor,  treat and understand many of the conditions and abnormalities of the brain.

摘要（翻译）：本发明描述了一种方法和装置，用于优选地以接近实时的方式对从受试者的头皮表面测量的电信号进行定位，并生成在大脑皮层内发生的电活动的动态三维信息。 在优选实施例中，它可以产生可以由操作员几乎实时地立即检查和分析的图像，从而产生一种强大的新的皮质成像模式，我们将其称为动态电皮质成像(DEC)。 本发明涉及计算机、脑电图(EEG)放大器、EEG电极和定制软件的使用。 它可以测量有意识和无意识受试者的健康和患病皮层事件和状态。 这是有用的，因为它允许诊断、监测和治疗皮层疾病，同时也加深了对人脑的了解，并可用于娱乐、教育、测谎和工业等其他非医疗用途。 在一个实施例中，本发明使用软件结合容易获得的EEG硬件来实现。 此外，同样的方法可以应用于预先存在的数据，并且当这样做时，不需要EEG硬件。 拥有一个实用的近实时3D成像系统为医生、研究人员、个人和私人诊所带来了一种更容易获得的技术，可以更好地诊断、监控、治疗和理解大脑的许多状况和异常。

公开（公告）号：US9179854B2

公开（公告）日：2015-11-10

申请号：US11981114

申请日：2007-10-31

申请人：Mark S Doidge; Joseph D Mocanu

当前法律状态：暂缺





363、METHOD TO DEAL WITH CANCER BEING PRESENTED MUTATIONS THE EGFR

标题（翻译）：与癌症的处理方法呈现的突变EGFR

摘要：The present invention relates to a method of treatment of patients suffering from cancer and harboring mutations of EGFR in the tumor,  for instance an activating mutation of the EGFR or a mutation responsible for resistance or the emergence of acquired resistance to treatment with reversible EGFR and/or HER2 inhibitors or irreversible inhibitors such as CI-1033,  EKB-569,  HKI-272 or HKI-357,  comprising administering an effective amount of the irreversible EGFR inhibitor BIBW2992 (1) 4-[(3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)amino]-6-{[4-(N, N-dimethylamino)-1-oxo-2-buten-1-yl]amino}-7-((S)-tetrahydrofuran-3-yloxy)-quinazoline,  to a person in need of such treatment,  optionally in combination with the administration of a further chemotherapeutic agent,  in combination with radiotherapy,  radio-immunotherapy and/or tumor resection by surgery,  and to the use of a BIBW 2992 (1) for preparing a pharmaceutical composition for the treatment of patients suffering from cancer and harboring mutations of EGFR in the tumor.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种患有癌症的患者的治疗方法和携带突变的EGFR在肿瘤，例如激活突变的EGFR或突变以负责性或获得性耐药的发生治疗与可逆性EGFR及/或HER2抑制剂或不可逆抑制剂如CI-1033和，EKB-569，hki-272或hki-357，对需要这种治疗的人，任选地在进一步结合给药的化疗剂，在配合放疗，射频免疫疗法和/或肿瘤手术切除，和一种使用BIBW2992(1)，用于制备用于治疗患者的药物组合物自癌症和肿瘤中EGFR突变说的。

公开（公告）号：BRPI0717586A2

公开（公告）日：2013-10-29

申请号：BRPI0717586

申请日：2007-09-14

申请人：BOEHRINGER INGELHEIM INT

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





364、METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR DRY ETCHING A HAFNIUM CONTAINING MATERIAL

标题（翻译）：含铪的方法和系统用于干法刻蚀材料

摘要：A method and system for etching a hafnium containing material using a boron tri-chloride (BCI3) based process chemistry is described. A substrate having a hafnium containing layer,  such as a layer of hafnium dioxide (HfO2) is subjected a dry etching process comprising BCI3 and an additive gas including :  an oxygen-containing gas,  such as O2;  or a nitrogen-containing gas,  such as N2;  or a hydrocarbon gas (CxHy),  such as CH4;  or a combination of two or more thereof.

摘要（翻译）：一种方法和系统用于蚀刻一种含有铪材料使用一种基于硼三氯(bci3)过程的化学物质被描述。一衬底具有一含有铪层，如二氧化铪(HfO2)的一个层是经过干刻蚀工艺包括bci3和添加剂的气体包括 : 一种含氧气体，诸如O2; 或一种含氮气体，N2等; 或一种烃类气体(cxhy)，诸如CH4; 或一种其两个或更多的组合。

公开（公告）号：WO2008033886A2

公开（公告）日：2008-03-20

申请号：WOUS07078224

申请日：2007-09-12

申请人：TOKYO ELECTRON LIMITED; FERNANDEZ Luis Isidro; URAKAWA Masafumi

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





365、TREATMENT OF MYEOPROLIFERATIVE DISEASES

标题（翻译）：myeoproliferative治疗的疾病。

摘要：Methods of reducing the number of platelets in mammals and preventing or treating pro-thrombotic conditions and diseases that are characterized by an excess of,  or undesired activation of,  platelets using inhibitors of anti apoptotic Bcl-2 family protein members is disclosed.

摘要（翻译）：在哺乳动物血小板的数目降低所述的方法和预防或治疗前-血栓形成条件和疾病的是，其特征在于通过一种过量的，或不希望的活化的，使用血小板抑制剂的抗细胞凋亡BCL-2家族蛋白成员被公开。

公开（公告）号：WO2008030836A2

公开（公告）日：2008-03-13

申请号：WOUS07077579

申请日：2007-09-05

申请人：ABBOTT LABORATORIES; ELMORE Steven W; ROSENBERG Saul; GORDON Gary

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





366、BREAST CANCER-ASSOCIATED GENE,  MELK,  AND ITS INTERACTIONS WITH BCL-G

标题（翻译）：乳房癌相关基因，melk，和其与BCL-G的相互作用

摘要：The present invention relates to the discovery that MELK,  a human maternal embryonic leucine zipper kinase,  is involved in cell growth of breast cancers through interaction with Bcl-G,  a pro-apoptotic member of Bcl-2 family. In particular,  the binding and phosphorylation of Bcl-G by MELK is described herein. As MELK has been shown to be overexpressed in breast,  bladder and lung cancer,  it appears that it may be a promising molecular target for the treatment and prevention of various types of cancer. Accordingly,  objective screening methods for identifying therapeutic agents useful in the treatment of cancer,  e.g.,  breast cancer,  bladder cancer,  and lung cancer,  that use the interaction of MELK and Bcl-G as an index are described herein. The present invention also provides therapeutic agents or methods for treating cancer using the polypeptides. The polypeptides of the present invention are composed of an amino acid sequence which comprises polypeptide which comprises SEQ ID NO :  39. The polypeptides of the present invention can be introduced into cancer cells by modifying the polypeptides with transfection agents such as poly-arginine.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及发现其melk，一人的母体胚胎拉链亮氨酸激酶，涉及的是在电池通过交互乳房癌的生长与BCL-G，bcl-2族的一种促凋亡部件。特别是，所述绑定，BCL-通过这里描述的是melkG的磷酸化。作为待overexpressedmelk已经示出在乳腺，膀胱和肺癌，它出现，它可以是一种有前途的分子目标用于各种类型的所述治疗和预防的癌症。因此，物镜的筛选方法，用于识别癌症的治疗剂有用的所述处理中，E。G。，乳房癌，膀胱癌，和肺癌，其使用melk所述的交互和BCL-G作为一个索引被这里描述的。本发明还提供使用所述多肽的治疗剂或用于治疗癌症的方法。本发明的所述多肽是由一种氨基酸的序列，其包括多肽，它包括SEQIDNO : 39。本发明所述的多肽可被引入到通过修改所述多肽与转染癌细胞剂例如聚-精氨酸。

公开（公告）号：WO2008023841A1

公开（公告）日：2008-02-28

申请号：WOJP07066826

申请日：2007-08-23

申请人：ONCOTHERAPY SCIENCE INC; THE UNIVERSITY OF TOKYO; NAKAMURA Yusuke; KATAGIRI Toyomasa; NAKATSURU Shuichi

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





367、COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR INHIBITING THE INTERACTION OF BCL PROTEINS WITH BINDING PARTNERS

标题（翻译）：Bcl-xL化合物和方法用于抑制该相互作用的蛋白与结合配偶体

摘要：The invention relates to isoxazolidine containing compounds that bind to bcl proteins and inhibit BcI function. The compounds may be used for treating and modulating disorders associated with hyperproliferation,  such as cancer.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及含异噁唑烷化合物结合到BCL蛋白质和抑制bci功能。该化合物可以用于治疗与过度增殖和调节相关的疾病，如癌症。

公开（公告）号：WO2008024337A2

公开（公告）日：2008-02-28

申请号：WOUS07018471

申请日：2007-08-21

申请人：INFINITY DISCOVERY INC; CASTRO Alfredo C; DEPEW Kristopher M; GROGAN Michael J; HOLSON Edward B; HOPKINS Brian T; JOHANNES Charles W; KEANEY Gregg F; KONEY Nii O; LIU Tao; MANN David A; NEVALAINEN Marta; PELUSO Stephane; PEREZ Lawrence Blas; SNYDER Daniel A; TIBBITTS Thomas T

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





368、IMAGE GAMUT MAPPING

标题（翻译）：图像色域映射

摘要：A method of gamut mapping maps an input image composed of pixels and having an input gamut (IG) defined by input RGB primaries (Ri,  Gi,  Bi) to a reproduction gamut (RG) defined by reproduction RGB primaries (Ro,  Go,  Bo). The reproduction gamut (RG) is narrower than the input gamut (IG). An input signal (RGBin) defined with respect to the input RGB primaries (Ri,  Gi,  Bi) is color transformed (1) into a transformed signal (RGBt) defined with respect to the reproduction RGB primaries (Ro,  Go,  Bo),  whereby color information of the pixels (P1,  P2,  P3) within the reproduction gamut (RG) is preserved. Scaling factors (SFi) indicating a distance between on the one hand pixels (P1,  P2,  P3) of the transformed signal (RGBt) which are outside the reproduction gamut (RG),  and on the other hand an edge of the reproduction gamut (RG) are determined (2). The scaling factors (SFi) of pixels (P1,  P2,  P3) of the transformed signal (RGBt) are spatial low-pass filtered (3) to obtain filtered factors (FFi) for these pixels (P1,  P2,  P3). Component signal values of the transformed signal (RGBt) of the pixels (P1,  P2,  P3) are corrected (4) in response to the filtered factors (FFi) to obtain reproduction signal values (RGBo) which are input values (RGBi) moved towards inside the reproduction gamut (RG).

摘要（翻译）：一种色域映射方法，将具有由输入RGB原色(Ri，Gi，Bi)定义的输入色域(IG)的由像素组成的输入图像映射到由再现RGB原色(Ro，Go，Bo)定义的再现色域(RG)。 再现色域(RG)比输入色域(IG)窄。 将相对于输入RGB原色(Ri，Gi，Bi)定义的输入信号(RGBin)色彩变换(1)为相对于再现RGB原色(Ro，Go，Bo)定义的变换信号(RGBt)，由此保持再现色域(RG)内的像素(P1，P2，P3)的色彩信息。 确定(2)表示变换后的信号(RGBT)的位于再现色域(RG)之外的像素(P1，P2，P3)与再现色域(RG)的边缘之间的距离的缩放因子(Sfi)，其中，所述缩放因子(Sfi)表示变换后的信号(RGBT)的位于再现色域(RG)之外的像素(P1，P2，P3)与再现色域(RG)的边缘之间的距离。 变换信号(RGBT)的像素(P1，P2，P3)的缩放因子(Sfi)被空间低通滤波(3)以获得这些像素(P1，P2，P3)的滤波因子(Ffi)。 响应于滤波因子(FFi)，校正(4)像素(P1，P2，P3)的变换信号(RGBt)的分量信号值，以获得再现信号值(RGBo)，所述再现信号值是向再现色域(RG)内移动的输入值(RGBi)，所述分量信号值(RGBo)是像素(P1，P2，P3)的变换信号的分量信号值。

公开（公告）号：US20100165139A1

公开（公告）日：2010-07-01

申请号：US12377612

申请日：2007-08-13

申请人：KONINKLIJKE PHILIPS ELECTRONICS N V

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





369、IMAGE GAMUT MAPPING

标题（翻译）：图像的色域映射

摘要：A method of gamut mapping maps an input image composed of pixels and having an input gamut (IG) defined by input RGB primaries (Ri,  Gi,  Bi) to a reproduction gamut (RG) defined by reproduction RGB primaries (Ro,  Go,  Bo). The reproduction gamut (RG) is narrower than the input gamut (IG). An input signal (RGBin) defined with respect to the input RGB primaries (Ri,  Gi,  Bi) is color transformed (1) into a transformed signal (RGBt) defined with respect to the reproduction RGB primaries (Ro,  Go,  Bo),  whereby color information of the pixels (Pl,  P2,  P3) within the reproduction gamut (RG) is preserved. Scaling factors (SFi) indicating a distance between on the one hand pixels (Pl,  P2,  P3) of the transformed signal (RGBt) which are outside the reproduction gamut (RG),  and on the other hand an edge of the reproduction gamut (RG) are determined (2). The scaling factors (SFi) of pixels (Pl,  P2,  P3) of the transformed signal (RGBt) are spatial low-pass filtered (3) to obtain filtered factors (FFi) for these pixels (Pl,  P2,  P3). Component signal values of the transformed signal (RGBt) of the pixels (Pl,  P2,  P3) are corrected (4) in response to the filtered factors (FFi) to obtain reproduction signal values (RGBo) which are input values (RGBi) moved towards inside the reproduction gamut (RG).

摘要（翻译）：一个由一个输入图像映射色域映射的方法定义的像素和具有一个输入色域(IG)由输入的RGB基色(Ri，Gi，Bi)，以定义一个再现色域(RG)通过再现的RGB基色(Ro，Go，Bo)。所述再现色域比所述输入色域(IG)(RG)较窄。一个输入信号(rgbin)定义与相对于该输入的RGB基色(Ri，Gi，Bi)是颜色变换(1)。为变换具有相对于所述再现信号(RGBt)定义的RGB基色(Ro，Go，Bo)，由此颜色的信息所述像素(P1，P2，P3)在所述再现色域(RG)被保存。缩放因子(SFI)指示一个在所述一个手像素之间的距离(P1，P2，P3)的所述变换信号(RGBt)，其被所述再现色域(RG)的外侧，和另一方面的一个边缘上的所述再现色域(RG)被确定(2)。该缩放因子(SFI)的像素(P1，P2，P3)的所述变换后的信号(RGBt)被空间低通滤波(3)。以获得滤波后的因素(FFi)，用于这些像素(P1，P2，P3)。所述变换信号分量的信号值(RGBt)的所述像素(P1，P2，P3)被校正(4)在响应以所述滤波因子(FFi)，以获得再现信号值(rgbo)，其被输入值(rgbi)内移动朝向所述再现色域(RG)。

公开（公告）号：WO2008020393A1

公开（公告）日：2008-02-21

申请号：WOIB07053209

申请日：2007-08-13

申请人：KONINKLIJKE PHILIPS ELECTRONICS N V; MUIJS Remco T J; LANGENDIJK Erno H A

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





370、METHODS FOR MODULATING APOPTOSIS IN PLATELETS

标题（翻译）：用于调节细胞凋亡的方法在血小板

摘要：The description discloses methods of enhancing or maintaining the viability or lifespan of platelets comprising administering an agent that down modulates apoptosis. The description also discloses a method of decreasing the survival,  lifespan or viability of platelets comprising administering an effective amount of an agent that enhances apoptosis.

摘要（翻译）：该说明书公开了的存活力提高或保持所述的方法或寿命的血小板包括给予一剂，其向下调节细胞凋亡。该说明书还公开了一种降低所述的方法的存活，血小板的寿命期或生存能力，包括给予一种有效一个剂的量的增强了细胞凋亡。

公开（公告）号：WO2008017121A1

公开（公告）日：2008-02-14

申请号：WOAU07001121

申请日：2007-08-10

申请人：THE WALTER AND ELIZA HALL INSTITUTE OF MEDICAL RESEARCH; KILE Benjamin Thomas; HUANG David C S; MASON Kylie D

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





371、METHODS FOR MODULATING APOPTOSIS IN PLATELETS

标题（翻译）：用于调节细胞凋亡的方法在血小板

摘要：The description discloses methods of enhancing or maintaining the viability or lifespan of platelets comprising administering an agent that down modulates apoptosis. The description also discloses a method of decreasing the survival,  lifespan or viability of platelets comprising administering an effective amount of an agent that enhances apoptosis.

摘要（翻译）：该说明书公开了的存活力提高或保持所述的方法或寿命的血小板包括给予一剂，其向下调节细胞凋亡。该说明书还公开了一种降低所述的方法的存活，血小板的寿命期或生存能力，包括给予一种有效一个剂的量的增强了细胞凋亡。

公开（公告）号：WO2008017123A1

公开（公告）日：2008-02-14

申请号：WOAU07001123

申请日：2007-08-10

申请人：THE WALTER AND ELIZA HALL INSTITUTE OF MEDICAL RESEARCH; KILE Benjamin T; HUANG David C S; MASON Kylie D

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





372、COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOPTOSIS IN CELLS OVER-EXPRESSING BCL-2 FAMILY MEMBER PROTEINS

标题（翻译）：组合物和方法用于调节细胞凋亡细胞中过度表达Bcl-2家族构件的蛋白质

摘要：The present invention relates to compounds for modulating apoptosis in cells over expressing Bcl-2 Family member proteins (e.g.,  Bcl-2 or Bcl-xL). The present invention also relates to pharmaceutical compositions containing these compounds,  and methods of using the compounds for treating apoptosis-associated diseases such as,  for example,  neoplastic disease (e.g.,  cancer) or other proliferative diseases associated with the over-expression of a Bcl-2 family member protein.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及的化合物用于调节细胞凋亡细胞在表达Bcl-2家族中的构件的蛋白质(E。G。，Bcl-2或Bcl-XL)。本发明还涉及含有这些化合物的药物组合物，和使用该化合物的方法用于治疗细胞凋亡-相关疾病如，例如，肿瘤性疾病(E。G。，癌症)或其它增殖性疾病相关的与所述的过表达BCL-2的家族成员蛋白。

公开（公告）号：WO2008021211A2

公开（公告）日：2008-02-21

申请号：WOUS07017752

申请日：2007-08-10

申请人：FRED HUTCHINSON CANCER RESEARCH CENTER; SCHWARTZ Pamela S; MANION Michael K; FRY John S; HOCKENBERY David M

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





373、METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR ENHANCED HIGH INTENSITY ACOUSTIC WAVES APPLICATION

标题（翻译）：方法和系统用于增强的高的强度的声学波的应用

摘要：According to the invention a method (and corresponding system) of enhancing application of high intensity acoustic waves is provided,  wherein acoustic waves,  e.g. ultrasound,  and a gaseous medium,  e.g. steam,  coincide at a treatment zone. This is achieved by a combination of one or more high intensity acoustic generators and/or reflectors. In this way,  enhanced efficiency in an area of the gaseous medium (or where the gaseous medium is to affect something) is obtained since a second generator or a reflector is located so that the acoustic waves directly influence the gaseous medium.

摘要（翻译）：根据本发明的方法(和相应的系统)的高的强度的声学波是提供增强的应用，其中声学波，E。g。超声，和一种气态介质，E。g。蒸汽，在一种处理区重合。这为实现通过一种组合的一种或多种高的强度的声发生器和\/或反射镜。在这种方式，提高效率的区域中的该气态介质(或其中所述的气态介质是以影响的物质)是获得由于一种第二的发生器或一个反射器是位于使所述声学波直接影响该气态介质。

公开（公告）号：WO2008003324A1

公开（公告）日：2008-01-10

申请号：WODK07000346

申请日：2007-07-06

申请人：FORCE TECHNOLOGY; KREBS Niels; LANGKJÆR Carsten

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





374、EFFICIENT SYNTHESIS OF CHELATORS FOR NUCLEAR IMAGING AND RADIOTHERAPY :  COMPOSITIONS AND APPLICATIONS

标题（翻译）：高效合成的螯合剂用于核成像和放射治疗 : 组合物和应用

摘要：Novel methods of synthesis of chelator-targeting ligand conjugates,  compositions comprising such conjugates,  and therapeutic and diagnostic applications of such conjugates are disclosed. The compositions include chelator-targeting ligand conjugates optionally chelated to one or more metal ions. Methods of synthesizing these compositions in high purity are also presented. Also disclosed are methods of imaging,  treating and diagnosing disease in a subject using these novel compositions,  such as methods of imaging a tumor within a subject and methods of diagnosing myocardial ischemia.

摘要（翻译）：新合成的螯合剂-靶向配体偶联物的方法，组合物包含这种偶联物，和这种偶联物的治疗和诊断的应用被公开。该组合物包括螯合剂-靶向配体偶联物的任选的螯合到一种或多种金属离子。这些组合物在高纯度合成的方法是还提供。还公开了被成像的方法，治疗和诊断疾病的对象使用这些新组合物中，如成像的肿瘤的方法在一种诊断心肌缺血的对象和方法。

公开（公告）号：WO2008045604A2

公开（公告）日：2008-04-17

申请号：WOUS07072669

申请日：2007-07-02

申请人：THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS SYSTEM; YANG David J; YU Dongfang

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





375、ELECTROPHYSIOLOGICAL SENSOR

标题（翻译）：电生理传感器

摘要：The sensor comprises a plurality of conducting nanostructures (2) which can transmit an electrical signal captured from the skin or from another part of an organic tissue to a transmitter means (4,  7) for transmitting said signal,  wherein said nanostructures adopt a rigid filiform configuration and are connected at one end to a conducting substrate (3) coupled to said transmitter means (4,  7),  said nanostructures being operable to penetrate,  by their free end,  in said organic tissue (6),  as needles.

摘要（翻译）：该传感器包括的多个的导电纳米结构(2)，其可以发送一个电气信号捕获从所述的皮肤或从另一个部分的一种有机组织到的发送器装置(4，7)用于发射所述信号，其中所述的纳米结构采用一种刚性的丝状结构和被连接在一个端部以一种导电衬底(3)耦合到所述发射器装置(4，7)，所述的纳米结构被可操作以穿透，通过它们的自由端，在所述有机组织(6)，为针。

公开（公告）号：EP2042092A1

公开（公告）日：2009-04-01

申请号：EP07788637

申请日：2007-06-29

申请人：Starlab Barcelona SL

当前法律状态：未授权放弃





376、ULTRASHALLOW SEMICONDUCTOR CONTACT BY OUTDIFFUSION FROM A SOLID SOURCE

标题（翻译）：通过outdiffusionultrashallow半导体接触从一种固体源

摘要：The surface of a conductive layer such as a conductive nitride,  a conductive suicide,  a metal,  or metal alloy or compound,  is exposed to a dopant gas which provides an n-type or p-type dopant. The dopant gas may be included in a plasma. Semiconductor material,  such as silicon,  germanium,  or their alloys,  is deposited directly on the surface which has been exposed to the dopant gas. During and subsequent to deposition,  dopant atoms diffuse into the deposited semiconductor,  forming a thin heavily doped region and making a good ohmic contact between the semiconductor material and the underlying conductive layer.

摘要（翻译）：所述表面的一导电层如一导电氮化物，一导电自杀，一种金属，或金属合金或复合，是暴露于一种掺杂剂气体，其提供了一种N-型或P-型掺杂剂。所述掺杂剂气体可以被包括在一等离子体。半导体材料，如硅，锗，或它们的合金，是直接沉积在所述表面其具有被暴露以所述掺杂剂气体。和随后以沉积期间，掺杂剂原子扩散入所述沉积半导体，形成一薄的重掺杂区域和制造一种良好的欧姆接触所述半导体材料和所述下层导电层之间。

公开（公告）号：WO2008005412A2

公开（公告）日：2008-01-10

申请号：WOUS07015321

申请日：2007-06-29

申请人：SANDISK 3D LLC; HERNER S Brad; RADIGAN Steven J

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





377、Method for computer-aided prediction of intended movements

标题（翻译）：预期运动过程用于所述的计算机-辅助预测

摘要：Method and device for computer-aided prediction of intended movements from neuronal signals of a brain,  wherein the neuronal signals are each associated in the brain with intended movements,  wherein neuronal signals are recorded and the most probable movements are determined from these,  specifically using a predetermined model in which a recorded neuronal signal and a determined movement are assigned to each other,  and,  for the probability with which a recorded neuronal signal corresponds to a respective predetermined movement,  a predetermined distribution is assumed that is defined by specific characteristic values,  wherein an adaptation of the neuronal signal is included in the predetermined model.

摘要（翻译）：用于呈现所述的计算机-辅助预测过程从神经运动信号的一个脑，其中所述神经信号是相关在每个情况下，与所述脑中给出的运动，由此神经信号被占用和从该最可能运动被确定，使用预先确定的模型，与其在每种情况下占用的神经信号和确定运动的每个其它分配; 其中用于所述概率，与其中一个占用神经信号对应于一各自的预确定的运动，一个预确定的分布是接受，其是通过一定的特性定义的值，由此为所述预确定的模型适配的所述神经信号被接收到的。

公开（公告）号：DE102007028861A1

公开（公告）日：2009-01-02

申请号：DE102007028861

申请日：2007-06-22

申请人：UNIV ALBERT LUDWIGS FREIBURG

当前法律状态：未授权失效





378、CANCER THERAPY USING BCL-XL-SPECIFIC SINA

标题（翻译）：癌症的治疗使用Bcl-XL-特异性siNA

摘要：The invention relates to a double-stranded short interfering nucleic acid (siNA) molecule specific to the Bcl-XL transcript,  comprising a sense and an antisense region,  wherein the sense region comprises the nucleotide sequence SEQ ID NO :  1 or a sequence having at least 70 % identity,  preferably at least 80 % identity,  more preferably at least 90 % identity with said sequence,  and the antisense region comprises a nucleotide sequence that is complementary to the sense region,  and its use for treating cancer.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种双-链短干扰核酸(siNA)分子特异性，以该Bcl-XL转录物，包含一种正义和一个反义区域，其中该感测区包括所述的核苷酸序列SEQIDNO : 1或一序列具有在至少70%同一性，优选至少80%同一性，更优选至少90重量%的同一性，与所述序列，和该反义区域包括一种核苷酸序列，其是互补到该感测区，和其用途，用于治疗癌症。

公开（公告）号：WO2008001219A2

公开（公告）日：2008-01-03

申请号：WOIB07002762

申请日：2007-06-22

申请人：CENTRE REGIONAL DE LUTTE CONTRE LE CANCER CENTRE FRANCOIS BACLESSE; POULAIN Laurent; GAUDUCHON Pascal; BROTIN Emilie; SAISON BEHMOARAS Ester

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





379、Method for analyzing function of the brain and other complex systems

标题（翻译）：分析大脑和其他复杂系统功能的方法

摘要：A method and system are provided for analyzing electromagnetic brain signals such as EEG and ECoG signals in a subject in real time and which avoids the need for time-intensive retrospective analysis of brain activity in the subject. This can be applied to all complex systems with multiple fluctuating signals to identify and predict significant events.

摘要（翻译）：提供了一种用于实时分析受试者中的电磁脑信号(例如EEG和ECOG信号)的方法和系统，其避免了对受试者中的脑活动进行时间密集的回顾性分析的需要。 这可应用于具有多个波动信号的所有复杂系统，以识别和预测重大事件。

公开（公告）号：US8532756B2

公开（公告）日：2013-09-10

申请号：US12304953

申请日：2007-06-13

申请人：Washington University

当前法律状态：暂缺





380、BRAIN STIMULATION AND REHABILITATION FIELD OF THE INVENTION

标题（翻译）：本发明的大脑刺激和康复场

摘要：A method of rehabilitation management,  comprising :  providing a plurality of patients fitted with sensors;  assigning tasks to said patients by a therapist;  rehabilitating said patients not under the direct attention of said therapist;  and monitoring the rehabilitating using data acquired by the sensors during performance of the tasks.

摘要（翻译）：一种康复的管理方法，包括 : 提供多个病人的安装有传感器; 通过一个therapist的任务分配给到所述患者; 所述下板的所述患者不直接关注的所述therapist; 和监控所述板使用性能的所述任务期间通过所述传感器获取的数据。

公开（公告）号：WO2007138598A2

公开（公告）日：2007-12-06

申请号：WOIL07000664

申请日：2007-05-31

申请人：TYLERTON INTERNATIONAL INC; EINAV Haim; EINAV Omer; KORENMAN Ernesto; FARAN Samuel; LIFSHITZ Amir; BETSER Sagit; OYZERMAN Anna; MAHONEY Richard M

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





381、METHOD AND DEVICE FOR THE RECORDING,  LOCALIZATION AND STIMULATION-BASED MAPPING OF EPILEPTIC SEIZURES AND BRAIN FUNCTION UTILIZING THE INTRACRANIAL AND EXTRACRANIAL CEREBRAL VASCULATURE AND/OR CENTRAL AND/OR PERIPHERAL NERVOUS SYSTEM

标题（翻译）：利用颅内和颅外脑血管系统和/或中枢和/或外周神经系统记录，定位和基于刺激的癫痫发作和脑功能图的方法和装置

摘要：Principles from the analogous field of cardiac electrophysiology are translated to neuro electrophysiology whereby electrically competent catheters and introducing devices are threaded intravascularly through large vessel access (e.g.,  leg or arm) into the arterial or more typically the venous system to or within the brain tissue,  possibly targeting a specific region that needs to be functionally mapped. After passive recording and mapping of important activity exactly to a 3-dimensional,  high resolution brain image taken either before or during the procedure,  electrical stimulation paradigms are triggered to both evoke responses to help map regions vital to the epileptic network or pathologically functioning networks in other neurological and/or psychiatric conditions,  and then to map brain function in specific regions during motor,  sensory,  emotional,  psychiatric and cognitive testing,  in order to localize these functions in relation to the epileptic network. Once this pathological and functional map has been created,  clinicians can then either proceed to :  (1) subdural and intraparenchymal electrode placement,  for chronic ictal recording,  based upon the maps,  (2) use of the catheter-based system to ablate regions vital to generating seizures,  using either electrical stimulation or another therapy,  (3) placement or chronic electrodes,  effector devices,  drugs,  sensors,  etc. to be used as part of an implantable diagnostic/therapeutic device,  and/or (4) more chronic diagnostic recording by leaving behind other sensors. Principles for chronic monitoring and activating implantable devices are implemented using acutely or chronically placed sensors on,  within or around tissues electrically coupled to and not in contact with the brain to work in concert with devices focused on diagnosis and/or treatment of syncope,  epilepsy,  and other neurological and psychiatric disorders.

摘要（翻译）：将来自心脏电生理学类似领域的原理转化为神经电生理学，由此将电活性导管和引入装置穿过大血管通路(例如， 腿部或手臂)进入动脉或更典型地进入静脉系统到达脑组织或在脑组织内，可能靶向需要功能映射的特定区域。 在将重要活动精确地被动记录和映射到三维之后， 在该过程之前或过程中拍摄的高分辨率脑图像， 对两种诱发反应都触发电刺激模式，以帮助映射对癫痫网络或其它神经和/或精神病学病症中的病理功能网络重要的区域， 并且然后在运动，感觉，情绪，精神病学和认知测试期间映射特定区域中的脑功能，以便相对于癫痫网络定位这些功能。 一旦建立了该病理和功能图， 临床医生然后可以进行以下任一操作 :  (1)硬膜下和实质内电极放置， 对于慢性心电图记录， 基于这些地图， (2)使用基于导管的系统来消融对产生癫痫发作至关重要的区域， 使用电刺激或另一种治疗，(3)放置或放置慢性电极，效应器装置，药物，传感器等作为可植入诊断/治疗装置的一部分，和/或(4)通过留下其它传感器进行更慢性的诊断记录。 用于慢性监测和激活可植入装置的原理是使用在其上的尖锐或慢性放置的传感器来实现的， 在与脑电耦合但不与脑接触的组织内或周围，与集中于诊断和/或治疗晕厥，癫痫和其它神经和精神疾病的装置协同工作。

公开（公告）号：US20080027346A1

公开（公告）日：2008-01-31

申请号：US11752241

申请日：2007-05-22

申请人：The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania; BioQuantix Corporation

当前法律状态：暂缺





382、METHOD AND DEVICE FOR THE RECORDING,  LOCALIZATION AND STIMULATION-BASED MAPPING OF EPILEPTIC SEIZURES AND BRAIN FUNCTION UTILIZING THE INTRACRANIAL AND EXTRACRANIAL CEREBRAL VASULATURE AND/OR CENTRAL AND/OR PERIPHERAL NERVOUS SYSTEM

标题（翻译）：方法和装置，用于该记录，定位和刺激-癫痫发作和脑功能的基础的映射利用所述的颅内和颅外脑vasulature和\/或中心和\/或外周神经系统

摘要：Principles from the analogous field of cardiac electrophysiology are translated to neuro electrophysiology whereby electrically competent catheters and introducing devices are threaded intravascularly through large vessel access {e.g.,  leg or arm) into the arterial or more typically the venous system to or within the brain tissue,  possibly targeting a specific region that needs to be functionally mapped. After passive recording and mapping of important activity exactly to a 3- dimensional,  high resolution brain image taken either before or during the procedure,  electrical stimulation paradigms are triggered to both evoke responses to help map regions vital to the epileptic network or pathologically functioning networks in other neurological and/ or psychiatric conditions,  and then to map brain function in specific regions during motor,  sensory,  emotional,  psychiatric and cognitive testing,  in order to localize these functions in relation to the epileptic network. Once this pathological and functional map has been created,  clinicians can then either proceed to :  (1) subdural and intraparenchymal electrode placement,  for chronic ictal recording,  based upon the maps,  (2) use of the catheter-based system to ablate regions vital to generating seizures,  using either electrical stimulation or another therapy,  (3) placement or chronic electrodes,  effector devices,  drugs,  sensors,  etc. to be used as part of an implantable diagnostic/therapeutic device,  and/or (4) more chronic diagnostic recording by leaving behind other sensors. Principles for chronic monitoring and activating implantable devices are implemented using acutely or chronically placed sensors on,  within or around tissues electrically coupled to and not in contact with the brain to work in concert with devices focused on diagnosis and/or treatment of syncope,  epilepsy,  and other neurological and psychiatric disorders.

摘要（翻译）：从所述的原理是类似的心脏电生理学领域，由此电感受态的导管和翻译以神经电生理学的引入装置是通过大血管血管内螺纹的访问{E。G。，腿部或臂)到该动脉或更通常的静脉系统对或所述的脑组织内，可能靶向的特定区域是需要对被功能上映射。在被动重要的活性准确地以一种记录和映射的3-维，高分辨率的脑拍摄的图像或者前或在该过程，电刺激paradigms被触发到两个唤起反应，以帮助图谱区域的生命到该癫痫网络或其它神经病学和\/或精神病学中的病理性功能的网络条件下，和然后到MAP脑功能在电机在特定区域，感觉，情感，精神病学和认知测试，在以定位这些功能关系中，以该癫痫网络。一旦该已产生的病理和功能性的MAP，临床医生可然后进行到 : (1)硬膜下和intraparenchymal电极放置，用于慢性ictal记录，基于在该图谱，该导管-(2)的用途为基础的系统，以烧蚀区域生命对产生的癫痫发作，使用或者电刺激或另一个疗法，(3)放置或慢性电极，执行器装置，药物，传感器，等。对被用于作为一种可植入的部分的诊断\/治疗装置，和\/或(4)多种慢性诊断记录通过留下其它传感器。原理的用于慢性监测和活化可植入装置是实现使用急性或慢性放置传感器上，在或在组织与所述脑电连接到和不在接触到工作在与装置相呼应聚焦在诊断和\/或治疗的昏厥，癫痫，和其它神经和精神病学疾病。

公开（公告）号：WO2007139861A2

公开（公告）日：2007-12-06

申请号：WOUS07012345

申请日：2007-05-22

申请人：THE TRUSTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA; BIOQUANTIX CORP; LITT Brian; ECHAUZ Javier Ramon

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





383、METHOD FOR PRODUCING FERTILE CROSSES BETWEEN WILD AND DOMESTIC SOYBEAN SPECIES

标题（翻译）：野生型和家用之间的用于生产可育杂交方法大豆物质

摘要：Methods for producing hybrids between domestic and wild soybean that are fertile and can be further bred with other soybean plants are provided,  thus allowing transfer of desirable traits and genes from the wild soybean into the domestic soybean. This invention also provides novel media for producing callus and multiple somatic embryos,  as well as novel media for producing multiple shoots from the embryos. The hybrid plants are made fertile by colchicine treatment to double their chromosome number so that they can be backcrossed into domestic soybean. These methods and media allow the production of elite soybean lines containing traits or genes from wild soybean as well as a minimum amount of additional wild soybean DNA. Backcrosses containing only one wild soybean chromosome can be produced,  as well as sets of such backcrossed lines that each contain one chromosome from the wild ancestor,  but collectively all the wild chromosomes from the hybrid ancestor. Plants and plant progeny and plant tissue (tissue including seeds) of plants produced by the foregoing methods are also provided. The methods do not require genetic modification,  and thus this invention allows production of domestic soybean plants that are not genetically modified organisms (non-GMO) but that express desirable traits derived from wild soybean.

摘要（翻译）：家用之间的用于生产杂种和野生大豆的方法，其是可育，可进一步选育与其他大豆植物被提供，从而允许传递从所希望的性状和基因的野生大豆放入生活大豆。这种本发明还提供了新的介质，用于产生愈伤组织和多的体细胞胚，以及新介质用于生产多个芽从该胚胎。杂交植物是通过秋水仙素处理制成的可育到双它们的染色体数目，使得它们可以回交到家用大豆。这些方法和介质允许所生产的含性状优良的大豆品系或基因从野生大豆以及一最小量的附加的野生大豆的DNA。回交含仅一个野生大豆染色体可以被产生，以及这种回交线各自含有一个染色体组的从该野生祖先，但共同所有的野生型染色体从所述杂交祖先。植物和植物的子代和植物组织(组织包括通过上述方法生产的种子)的植物是还提供了。所述的方法不要求遗传修饰; 并因此本发明允许家用大豆植物的生产是不遗传修饰的生物体(非-GMO)，但表达从野生大豆衍生的理想性状。

公开（公告）号：WO2007130804A2

公开（公告）日：2007-11-15

申请号：WOUS07067131

申请日：2007-04-20

申请人：THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS; SINGH Ram J

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





384、DETECTION OF CANCER BY ELEVATED LEVELS OF BCL-2

标题（翻译）：bcl-2通过水平升高的癌的检测

摘要：The present invention relates to a method for the diagnosis,  prognosis,  and monitoring of cancer,  such as early or late stage ovarian cancer,  in a subject by detecting Bcl-2 in a biological sample from the subject,  preferably a urine or blood sample. Bcl-2 may be measured using an agent that detects or binds to Bcl-2 protein or an agent that detects or binds to encoding nucleic acids,  such as antibodies specifically reactive with Bcl-2 protein or a portion thereof. The invention further relates to kits for carrying out the methods of the invention. The invention further relates to a device for the rapid detection of Bcl-2 in a bodily fluid and methods for rapidly measuring Bcl-2 in a bodily fluid.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种方法用于诊断，预后，和癌症的监测，如早期或晚期级卵巢癌，在一主题通过检测生物样品中Bcl-2从所述主题，优选的是一种尿液或血液样品。bcl-2可以使用一个剂，其检测或测量结合到Bcl-2蛋白或一剂，其检测或结合到编码核酸，如与Bcl-2蛋白的特异性反应的抗体或其一部分。本发明还涉及试剂盒用于进行本发明所述的方法。本发明还涉及一种装置，用于所述的快速检测体液中Bcl-2和方法。用于体液中Bcl-2快速测量。

公开（公告）号：WO2007092627A2

公开（公告）日：2007-08-16

申请号：WOUS07003608

申请日：2007-02-09

申请人：UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA; KRUK Patricia A

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





385、Software,  system and method for computer based assessing of health insurance risk profiles for a group seeking health insurance and providing a composite insurance policy

标题（翻译）：用于对寻求健康保险并提供复合保险单的组的健康保险风险简档进行基于计算机的评估的软件、系统和方法

摘要：The present invention provides a computer system including software with computer implemented methods for assessing health insurance risk profiles for a company group and for its individual employees,  which system provides methods for assigning the appropriate health insurance costs and/or rates for the company group. In a preferred aspect,  the software and methods provide an improved way to manage and control medical costs through lower administration and sales costs. The present invention further relates to electronic commerce in general,  and,  more particularly,  to a computer implemented data processing system that provides an efficient market for the provision of insurance directly to those seeking insurance by an online computer insurance brokerage,  rating and underwriting service that is combined with carrier and/or third party provider services and which may optionally avoid the need for those seeking such insurance to utilize a broker/agent/consultant.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种计算机系统，包括具有计算机实现的方法的软件，用于评估公司组及其单个雇员的健康保险风险简档，该系统提供了为公司组分配适当的健康保险费用和/或费率的方法。 在优选的方面，软件和方法提供了通过较低的管理和销售成本来管理和控制医疗成本的改进方式。 本发明还涉及一般的电子商务，更具体地，涉及一种计算机实现的数据处理系统，该系统通过与承运人和/或第三方提供商服务相结合的在线计算机保险经纪、评级和承保服务，为直接向寻求保险的人提供保险提供了有效的市场，并且可以可选地避免寻求这种保险的人利用经纪人/代理/顾问的需要。

公开（公告）号：US20080114620A1

公开（公告）日：2008-05-15

申请号：US11703551

申请日：2007-02-06

申请人：DONNELLI ROBERT M





386、SOFTWARE,  SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR COMPUTER BASED ASSESSING OF HEALTH INSURANCE RISK PROFILES FOR A GROUP SEEKING HEALTH INSURANCE AND PROVIDING A COMPOSITE INSURANCE POLICY

标题（翻译）：软件，用于基于计算机的系统和方法用于一个群组寻找健康保险的风险评估简档的健康保险和提供一种复合保险策略

摘要：The present invention provides a computer system including software with computer implemented methods for assessing health insurance risk profiles for a company group and for its individual employees,  which system provides methods for assigning the appropriate health insurance costs and/or rates for the company group. In a preferred aspect,  the software and methods provide an improved way to manage and control medical costs through lower administration and sales costs. The present invention further relates to electronic commerce in general,  and,  more particularly,  to a computer implemented data processing system that provides an efficient market for the provision of insurance directly to those seeking insurance by an online computer insurance brokerage,  rating and underwriting service that is combined with carrier and/or third party provider services and which may optionally avoid the need for those seeking such insurance to utilize a broker/agent/consultant.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种计算机的系统包括与计算机软件实现的用于健康保险风险评估简档的方法，用于一公司组和用于其单独的雇员，其适当的健康保险系统提供了用于分配所述的方法成本和\/或用于该公司的速率组。在一个优选方面，所述软件和方法提供一种改进的方式来管理和控制医疗成本通过下管理和销售成本。本发明进一步涉及电子商业通用中，和，更具体地，到一个计算机实现数据的处理系统，其提供了一种用于保险所提供的高效市场直接到那些寻求保险由一个在线计算机保险经纪公司，评级和评估业务，其是与载体和\/或第三的组合方提供者的服务和其可任选地避免需要用于那些寻求这种保险，以利用一代理\/剂\/顾问。

公开（公告）号：WO2007092561A2

公开（公告）日：2007-08-16

申请号：WOUS07003383

申请日：2007-02-06

申请人：DONNELLI Robert M

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





387、FRAME FOR MOUNTING A LIFT DEVICE FOR A VIDEO DISPLAY IN AN ARTICLE OF FURNITURE

标题（翻译）：用于安装一个升降架用于一个视频显示装置中的一种制品的家具

摘要：A frame for mounting a lift apparatus for a video display in an article of furniture. The frame includes an elongate upper member,  an elongate lower member,  as elongate connecting member.,  and lift mounting elements. The elongate upper member has opposite ends and s substantial mid-region.. The elongate lower member extends substantially parallel to the upper elongate member and has opposite ends and. a substantial mid-region. The elongate connecting member lias opposite end portions affixed to the upper and lower elongate .members at regions offset from the substantial mid-regions thereof. The lift mounting elements are provided on. the upper and lower elongate members si the substantial mid-regions thereof for mounting a lift apparatus to the upper and lower elongate members at the substantial mid-regions thereof. The upper and lower elongate members are spaced from each other a distance suflsoleni to enable a lift apparatus to be passed from one side of the frame to tbe oilier and the connecting member is spaced from the snbstantiai mid-region of tbe upper and lower members a distance sufficient to enable a lift,  apparatus to be mounted to die upper and lower elongate members at their substantial mid-regions. Other embodiments of the invention include a subassembly forming a component to be incorporated into an srtick of furniture containing lift apparatus for a video display and a kit for mounting a ilfi apparatus for a video display in an article of furniture.

摘要（翻译）：一个用于安装一个升降架用于一个视频显示装置在一个家具的制品，所述框架包括一细长的上构件，一个细长的下构件，作为细长连接件。，和电梯的安装元件，所述细长的上部件具有相反的端部和S相当大的中间-区域…所述细长的下部件基本平行延伸到所述上的细长构件和具有相对的端部和。一种相当大的中间-区域。所述细长连接件lias相对的端部分固定到所述上部和下细长的。构件在其从该基本中间区域偏移-区域，所述电梯上的安装元件被设置。所述上和下细长构件Si所述相当大的中-其用于安装一提升装置到所述区域上和其下细长部件在所述相当大的中间-区域，所述上和下细长构件被间隔开的从每个另一距离suflsoleni以使一提升装置以可通过从所述框架的一个侧到tbeoilier和所述连接件是间隔开的从所述snbstantiaitbe中-的区域上和下构件的距离足够的，以使一提升，设备到被安装到模具上，下细长构件在它们的相当大的中间-区域。本发明的其它实施例包括一个组件形成一个含家具的部件以被结合成一个srtick电梯用于一个视频显示装置和一个用于安装一个ilfi试剂盒用于一个视频显示装置在一个制品的家具。

公开（公告）号：WO2007082116A2

公开（公告）日：2007-07-19

申请号：WOUS07060044

申请日：2007-01-03

申请人：BOBER Wieslaw

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





388、TITANIUM BORIDE

标题（翻译）：硼化钛

摘要：A titanium metal or a titanium alloy having submicron titanium boride substantially uniformly dispersed therein and a method of making same is disclosed. Ti power of Ti alloy powder has dispersed within the particles forming the powder titanum boride which is other than whisker-shaped or spherical substantially uniformly dispersed therein.

摘要（翻译）：一钛金属或一种钛的合金具有基本上均匀分散于其中的亚微米的钛硼化物和一种方法制造的相同的是本发明公开了。Ti动力的Ti合金粉具有分散在所述颗粒形成该粉药硼化物，其为其它比晶须-形或球形基本上均匀分散在其中。

公开（公告）号：WO2007044635A2

公开（公告）日：2007-04-19

申请号：WOUS06039331

申请日：2006-10-06

申请人：INTERNATIONAL TITANIUM POWDER LLC; JACOBSEN Lance; BENISH Adam John

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





389、APPARATUS AND PROCESS FOR SURFACE TREATMENT OF SUBSTRATE USING AN ACTIVATED REACTIVE GAS

标题（翻译）：衬底的表面处理装置和方法使用一种活化的反应性气体

摘要：An apparatus and process for treating at least a portion of the surface of a substrate is described herein. In one aspect,  the apparatus a processing chamber comprising an inner volume,  the substrate,  and an exhaust manifold;  an activated reactive gas supply source wherein a process gas comprising one or more reactive gases and optionally an additive gas is activated by one or more energy sources to provide the activated reactive gas;  and a distribution conduit,  which is in fluid communication with the inner volume and the supply source,  comprising :  a plurality of openings that direct the activated reactive gas into the inner volume,  wherein the activated reactive gas contacts the surface and provides a spent activated reactive gas and/or volatile products that are withdrawn from the inner volume through the exhaust manifold.

摘要（翻译）：一种装置和方法用于处理一种衬底的表面的至少一个部分是本文所描述的。在一个方面，该装置的处理室包括一内体积，该衬底，和一个排气歧管，一个活化的反应性气体供给源，其中一种工艺气体包含一个或多个反应性气体和任选的添加剂气体是活化通过一个或多个能量源以提供所述活化的反应性气体，和一种分布导管，其是在流体与所述内体积和所述供给源连通，包括 : 多个开口的直接活化的反应性气体在所述内体积，其中所述活化的反应性气体接触表面和提供了一种用过的活化反应性气体和\/或挥发性产物是从所述内体积被抽出通过该排气歧管。

公开（公告）号：WO2007035460A1

公开（公告）日：2007-03-29

申请号：WOUS06035962

申请日：2006-09-13

申请人：AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS INC; GARG Diwakar; KROUSE Steven Arnold; ROBERTSON Eric Anthony III; MA Pingping

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





390、Early media service control

标题（翻译）：早期媒体服务控制

摘要：A method of operating a communication network comprises receiving a call setup request from a calling party in a calling network to a called party in the communication network wherein the call requires an early media service provided by a service network to the called party,  forwarding the call setup request to the service network wherein the service network returns a first call setup response in response to the call setup request,  and generating a second call setup response and transmitting the second call setup response to the calling network wherein the calling network generates and transmits a call setup instruction to the calling party in response to the second call setup request.

摘要（翻译）：一种操作通信网络的方法，包括 : 接收从主叫网络中的主叫方到通信网络中的被叫方的呼叫建立请求，其中该呼叫需要由服务网络向被叫方提供的早期媒体服务， 将所述呼叫建立请求转发到所述服务网络，其中所述服务网络响应于所述呼叫建立请求返回第一呼叫建立响应，并且生成第二呼叫建立响应并将所述第二呼叫建立响应发送到所述主叫网络，其中所述主叫网络响应于所述第二呼叫建立请求生成呼叫建立指令并将其发送到所述主叫方。

公开（公告）号：US8139750B1

公开（公告）日：2012-03-20

申请号：US11467594

申请日：2006-08-28

申请人：Sprint Communications Company L P

当前法律状态：暂缺





391、IMPROVED METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR INCREASING LONGEVITY AND PROTEIN YIELD FROM A CELL CULTURE

标题（翻译）：改进的方法和组合物用于增加寿命和蛋白从细胞培养产率

摘要：Disclosed are compositions and methods for increasing the longevity of a cell culture and permitting the increased production of proteins,  preferably recombinant proteins,  such as antibodies,  peptides,  enzymes,  growth factors,  interleukins,  interferons,  hormones,  and vaccines. Cells transfected with an apoptosis-inhibiting gene or vector,  such as a triple mutant Bcl-2 gene,  can survive longer in culture,  resulting in extension of the state and yield of protein biosynthesis. Such transfected cells exhibit maximal cell densities that equal or exceed the maximal density achieved by the parent cell lines. Transfected cells can also be pre-adapted for growth in serum-free medium,  greatly decreasing the time required to obtain protein production in serum-free medium. In certain methods,  the pre-adapted cells can be used for protein production following transformation under serum-free conditions. The method preferably involves eukaryotic cells,  more preferably mammalian cells.

摘要（翻译）：本发明的组合物和方法用于增加所述一种细胞培养的寿命和允许增加生产的蛋白; 优选的重组蛋白，如抗体，肽，酶，生长因子，白细胞介素，干扰素，激素，和疫苗。转染的细胞凋亡抑制基因或载体，如一个三重突变体Bcl-2基因，可存活更长的培养中，得到在延伸; 该状态和蛋白质生物合成的收率。这种转染的细胞表现出最大细胞密度等于或超过该最大密度达到通过所述亲本细胞系。转染的细胞也可以预-适于无血清培养基中生长; 大大降低所需要的时间以得到蛋白生产无血清培养基中。在一定的方法，该预适应细胞可用于蛋白无血清条件下生产以下转化。该方法优选包括真核细胞，更优选哺乳动物细胞。

公开（公告）号：WO2007015848A2

公开（公告）日：2007-02-08

申请号：WOUS06027820

申请日：2006-07-14

申请人：IMMUNOMEDICS INC; NORDSTROM Diane; GOLDENBERG David M; QU Zhengxing; CHANG Chien Hsing; ROSSI Edward A; YANG Jeng Dar

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





392、MAN/MACHINE INTERFACE DEVICE AND METHOD

标题（翻译）：人\/机接口装置和方法。

摘要：The invention relates to a man/machine interface method consisting in :  generating physical interactions with active zones (10) belonging to an interface object (5),  said active zones being associated with pre-determined information;  detecting the active zones in which the interactions took place by measuring at least one physical quantity;  and associating each detected interaction with the corresponding pre-determined information. According to the invention,  the active zones are defined for a pre-determined finite time and subsequently deactivated at the end of said time. Moreover,  when interactions with the interface object are detected while the active zones are deactivated,  the active zones are automatically redefined as a function of the first detected interactions.? KIPO & WIPO 2007

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种人\/机接口的方法中组成 : 产生与有源区(10)的物理相互作用属于一种接口对象(5)，所述有源区被具有预先确定的信息相关联的，其检测所述有源区中的所述通过测量至少一个物理量发生相互作用，和将每个检测到的与所对应的预确定的交互信息，根据本发明，所述有源区被定义用于一个预确定的有限时间和随后去激活在所述端部的所述时间，此外，与所述接口对象交互时被检测到而所述有源区被去激活; 所述的有源区被自动重新定义为一功能第一检测到的相互作用。kipo&wipo2007

公开（公告）号：KR1020070006684A

公开（公告）日：2007-01-11

申请号：KR1020067013373

申请日：2006-07-03

申请人：SENSITIVE OBJECT





393、CANCER THERAPY USING BcI-XL-SPECIFIC siNA

标题（翻译）：癌症的治疗使用bci-XL-特异性siNA

摘要：The invention relates to a double-stranded short interfering nucleic acid (siNA) molecule specific to the BcI-XL transcript,  comprising a sense and an antisense region,  wherein the sense region comprises the nucleotide sequence SEQ ID NO :  1 or a sequence having at least 70 % identity,  preferably at least 80 % identity,  more preferably at least 90 % identity with said sequence,  and the antisense region comprises a nucleotide sequence that is complementary to the sense region,  and its use for treating cancer.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种双-链短干扰核酸(siNA)分子特异性，以该bci-XL转录物，包含一种正义和一个反义区域，其中该感测区包括所述的核苷酸序列SEQIDNO : 1或一序列具有在至少70%同一性，优选至少80%同一性，更优选至少90重量%的同一性，与所述序列，和该反义区域包括一种核苷酸序列，其是互补到该感测区，和其用途，用于治疗癌症。

公开（公告）号：WO2008001156A1

公开（公告）日：2008-01-03

申请号：WOIB06002685

申请日：2006-06-26

申请人：CENTRE REGIONAL DE LUTTE CONTRE LE CANCER CENTRE FRANCOIS BACLESSE; POULAIN Laurent; GAUDUCHON Pascal; BROTIN Emilie; SAISON BEHMOARAS Ester

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





394、INTERRUPTED DEPOSITION PROCESS FOR SELECTIVE DEPOSITION OF SI-CONTAINING FILMS

标题（翻译）：中断沉积过程用于含Si的选择性沉积膜

摘要：A method is provided for selectively forming a Si-containing film on a substrate in an interrupted deposition process. The method includes providing a substrate containing a growth surface and a non-growth surface,  and selectively forming the Si-containing film on the growth surface by exposing the substrate to HX gas while simultaneously exposing the substrate to a pulse of chlorinated silane gas. The Si-containing film can be a Si film or a SiGe film that is selectively formed on a Si or SiGe growth surface but not on an oxide,  nitride,  or oxynitride non-growth surface.

摘要（翻译）：一种方法是提供用于有选择地一衬底上形成一含Si膜中的一个中断沉积过程。该方法包括提供一种含有一个生长衬底表面和一非生长表面，和有选择地形成所述含Si所述生长表面通过暴露该基板上的膜，以HX气体，而同时暴露该基板以一脉冲氯化的硅烷气体。所述含Si膜可以是Si膜或SiGe膜，其被选择性地形成在Si或SiGe生长表面，但未在一种氧化物，氮化物，或氮氧化硅的非生长表面。

公开（公告）号：WO2007027275A2

公开（公告）日：2007-03-08

申请号：WOUS06024211

申请日：2006-06-22

申请人：TOKYO ELECTRON LIMITED; DIP Anthony; OH Seungho; LEITH Allen John

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





395、JOINT MOVEMENT SYSTEM

标题（翻译）：关节运动系统

摘要：Systems,  methods and devices for restoring or enhancing one or more motor functions of a patient are disclosed. The system comprises a biological interface apparatus and a joint movement device such as an exoskeleton device or FES device. The biological interface apparatus includes a sensor that detects the multicellular signals and a processing unit for producing a control signal based on the multicellular signals. Data from the joint movement device is transmitted to the processing unit for determining a value of a configuration parameter of the system. Also disclosed is a joint movement device including a flexible structure for applying force to one or more patient joints,  and controlled cables that produce the forces required.

摘要（翻译）：系统，方法和装置用于恢复或增强患者的一个或多个电动机功能被公开。该系统包括一生物接口装置和一关节运动装置如一个exoskeleton装置或FES装置。所述生物接口装置包括一个传感器，其检测所述的多蜂窝信号和一个处理单元，用于产生一个基于控制信号在所述的多蜂窝信号。数据从所述接头运动装置被发送到所述处理单元用于确定一配置的一个值该系统的参数。还公开了一种联合运动装置包括一个柔性结构，用于施加力到一个或多个病人接头，和控制电缆，其产生所需要的力。

公开（公告）号：WO2006076164A2

公开（公告）日：2006-07-20

申请号：WOUS05047218

申请日：2005-12-30

申请人：CYBERKINETICS NEUROTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS INC; FLAHERTY J Christopher; FLAHERTY R Maxwell; FRIEHS Gerhard M; SERRUYA Mijail D; BARRETT Burke T; DONOGHUE John P

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





396、Neurally controlled patient ambulation system

标题（翻译）：神经控制的病人行走系统

摘要：Various embodiments of an ambulation system and a movement assist system are disclosed. For example,  an ambulation system for a patient may comprise a biological interface apparatus and an ambulation assist apparatus. The biological interface apparatus may comprise a sensor having a plurality of electrodes for detecting multicellular signals,  a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor,  process the multicellular signals to produce a processed signal,  and transmit the processed signal to a controlled device. The ambulation assist apparatus may comprise a rigid structure configured to provide support between a portion of the patient' s body and a surface. Data may be transferred from the ambulation assist apparatus to the biological interface apparatus.

摘要（翻译）：公开了步行系统和运动辅助系统的各种实施例。 例如，用于患者的步行系统可以包括生物接口装置和步行辅助装置。 所述生物接口装置可包括 : 传感器，其具有用于检测多细胞信号的多个电极；处理单元，其经配置以从所述传感器接收所述多细胞信号，处理所述多细胞信号以产生经处理的信号，并将经处理的信号发送到受控装置。 所述行走辅助设备可以包括刚性结构，所述刚性结构被配置为在患者身体的一部分和表面之间提供支撑。 数据可以从行走辅助装置传送到生物接口装置。

公开（公告）号：US20060149338A1

公开（公告）日：2006-07-06

申请号：US11319237

申请日：2005-12-29

申请人：FLAHERTY J C; SERRUYA MIJAIL D

当前法律状态：有效





397、Limb and digit movement system

标题（翻译）：肢体及手指运动系统

摘要：Systems,  methods and devices for restoring or enhancing one or more motor functions of a patient are disclosed. The system comprises a biological interface apparatus and a joint movement device such as an exoskeleton device or FES device. The biological interface apparatus includes a sensor that detects the multicellular signals and a processing unit for producing a control signal based on the multicellular signals. Data from the joint movement device is transmitted to the processing unit for determining a value of a configuration parameter of the system. Also disclosed is a joint movement device including a flexible structure for applying force to one or more patient joints,  and controlled cables that produce the forces required.

摘要（翻译）：本发明公开了用于恢复或增强患者的一个或多个运动功能的系统，方法和装置。 所述系统包括生物界面装置和关节运动装置，例如外骨骼装置或FES装置。 所述生物接口装置包括检测所述多细胞信号的传感器和用于基于所述多细胞信号产生控制信号的处理单元。 将来自关节运动装置的数据发送到处理单元，用于确定系统的配置参数的值。 本发明还公开了一种关节运动装置，该关节运动装置包括用于向一个或多个患者关节施加力的柔性结构，以及产生所需力的受控缆索。

公开（公告）号：US20060167564A1

公开（公告）日：2006-07-27

申请号：US11319703

申请日：2005-12-29

申请人：FLAHERTY J C; FLAHERTY R M; SERRUYA MIJAIL D; BARRETT BURKE T; FRIEHS GERHARD M

当前法律状态：暂缺





398、Multi-device patient ambulation system

标题（翻译）：多设备病人行走系统

摘要：Various embodiments of an ambulation and movement assist system are disclosed. For example,  an ambulation system for a patient may comprise an exoskeleton device attached to the patient,  an FES device at least partially implanted in the patient,  and a biological interface apparatus. The biological interface apparatus comprises a sensor having a plurality of electrodes for detecting multicellular signals,  a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor,  process the multicellular signals to produce a processed signal,  and transmit the processed signal to a controlled device. At least one of the exoskeleton device and the FES device is the controlled device of the biological interface apparatus.

摘要（翻译）：公开了步行和运动辅助系统的各种实施例。 例如，用于患者的步行系统可以包括附接到患者的外骨骼装置，至少部分地植入患者的FES装置和生物接口装置。 所述生物接口装置包括 : 传感器，所述传感器具有用于检测多细胞信号的多个电极；处理单元，所述处理单元被配置为从所述传感器接收所述多细胞信号，处理所述多细胞信号以产生经处理的信号，并且将经处理的信号发送到受控设备。 外骨骼装置和FES装置中的至少一个是生物界面装置的受控装置。

公开（公告）号：US20060206167A1

公开（公告）日：2006-09-14

申请号：US11319267

申请日：2005-12-29

申请人：FLAHERTY J C; SERRUYA MIJAIL D; DONOGHUE JOHN P

当前法律状态：暂缺





399、NEURALLY CONTROLLED AND MULTI-DEVICE PATIENT AMBULATION SYSTEMS AND RELATED METHODS

标题（翻译）：neurally控制和多-装置患者步行系统和相关的方法。

摘要：Various embodiments of an ambulation system and a movement assist system are disclosed. For example,  an ambulation system for a patient may comprise a biological interface apparatus and an ambulation assist apparatus. The biological interface apparatus may comprise a sensor having a plurality of electrodes for detecting multicellular signals,  a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor,  process the multicellular signals to produce a processed signal,  and transmit the processed signal to a controlled device. The ambulation assist apparatus may comprise a rigid structure configured to provide support between a portion of the patient' s body and a surface. Data may be transferred from the ambulation assist apparatus to the biological interface apparatus.

摘要（翻译）：各种实施方案中的一种步行系统和一种移动辅助系统被公开。例如，一种用于一种患者步行系统可以包括一种生物接口装置和一种步行辅助装置。该生物接口装置可以包括一种传感器具有的多个电极，用于检测多细胞信号，一种加工单元配置成接收所述的多细胞信号从所述的传感器，所述的多细胞信号以产生一种加工方法的信号，和发送所述处理信号，以一种受控装置。所述的步行辅助装置可以包括一种刚性结构被配置以提供支承的部分之间的所述患者体和一种表面。数据从所述的步行辅助装置可以被转移到所述的生物接口装置。

公开（公告）号：WO2006074029A2

公开（公告）日：2006-07-13

申请号：WOUS05047340

申请日：2005-12-29

申请人：CYBERKINETICS NEUROTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS INC; FLAHERTY Christopher J; SERRUYA Mijail D; DONOGHUE John P

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





400、PATIENT TRAINING ROUTINE FOR BIOLOGICAL INTERFACE SYSTEM

标题（翻译）：患者的训练常规用于生物接口系统

摘要：Various embodiments of a biological interface system and related methods are disclosed. The system may comprise a sensor comprising a plurality of electrodes for detecting multicellular signals emanating from one or more living cells of a patient and a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor and process the multicellular signals to produce a processed signal. The processing unit may be configured to transmit the processed signal to a controlled device that is configured to receive the processed signal. The system is configured to perform an integrated patient training routine to generate one or more system configuration parameters that are used by the processing unit to produce the processed signal.

摘要（翻译）：各种实施方案中的一种生物接口系统和相关的方法被公开。该系统可以包括一种传感器包含的多个电极，用于检测多细胞发出的信号从一个或多个一种患者的活细胞和一种处理单元被配置以接收所述的多细胞信号从所述的传感器和所述的多细胞信号以产生一种加工方法的信号。该处理单元可以被构造成以发送该处理后的信号以一种控制装置，其是被配置以接收该处理后的信号。该系统是构造成执行一种集成的患者的训练例程，以产生一个或多个系统的配置参数; 其是用于通过该处理单元，以产生所述处理信号。

公开（公告）号：WO2006073915A2

公开（公告）日：2006-07-13

申请号：WOUS05046957

申请日：2005-12-23

申请人：CYBERKINETICS NEUROTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS INC; FLAHERTY Christopher J; SERRUYA Mijail D; MORRIS Daniel S; CAPLAN Abraham H; SALEH Maryam; DONOGHUE John P

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





401、Interface system for robot and a sensor signal interface device using the same

标题（翻译）：接口系统用于机器人和一种传感器信号接口装置使用该相同

摘要：PROBLEM TO BE SOLVED :  To eliminate the need for a lead wire etc. for sending measurement data from a sensor to a transmitter,  and to unnecessitate to provide a battery on a circuit of a sensor etc.  SOLUTION :  On a flexible sheet which can be deformed freely along the surface of the skin,  a myoelectric sensor,  a signal processing part,  a wireless tag (RFID) communication part and an antenna coil are arranged. Thus,  even if shape change occurs at a site of an electrode for lead-through with expansion/contraction of a muscle,  the sheet is deformed according to the shape change to allow the electrode to closely adhere to the surface of the skin,  so that an artificial hand etc. are controlled while closely adhering to the surface of the skin of a user (operator),  resulting in improving measuring sensitivity of the myoelectric signal. Through the RFID communication part,  measuring data of the myoelectric signal are transmitted in real time,  and power can be received from outside simultaneously. Thus,  power can be supplied to the myoelectric sensor,  the signal processing part and the wireless tag (RFID) communication part,  so that a battery device is not necessitated inside of a sensor signal interface device.  COPYRIGHT :  (C)2007, JPO&INPIT

摘要（翻译）：[P]要解决的问题 : 以消除所需要用于一种引线丝等用于发送测量数据从一个传感器以一种发射器，和以unnecessitate以提供一种电池上的电路的一种传感器等。[P]溶液 : 在一种柔性片的可变形的自由沿该表面的所述的皮肤，一种肌电传感器，一种信号处理部分，一种无线标签(rfid)通信部分和一个天线线圈被设置。因此，即使如果在一个位点的形状发生变化的电极用于铅-通过用膨胀\/收缩的肌肉，所述片材是根据该形状变化，以允许所述电极变形，以紧密粘附到该表面; 该皮肤，因此是一种人工手等被控制，同时该皮肤的紧密粘附到该表面; 一种使用者(操作者)，提高测定灵敏度的所述肌电信号中得到的。通过该RFID通信部分，测量所述肌电信号被传输在实时时间的数据，和功率可可从外部接收到的同时。因此，功率可被供给到所述肌电传感器，该信号处理部分和所述的无线标签的(rfid)通信部分，使得内的电池装置是不necessitated的一种传感器信号接口装置。[P]版权 : (C)2007，浴用约inpit

公开（公告）号：JP4851166B2

公开（公告）日：2012-01-11

申请号：JP2005318550

申请日：2005-11-01

申请人：KYOKKO DENKI KK

当前法律状态：有效





402、BIOLOGICAL INTERFACE SYSTEM

标题（翻译）：生物接口系统

摘要：A system and method for an improved biological interface system that processes multicellular signals of a patient and controls one or more devices is disclosed. The system includes a sensor that detects the multicellular signals and a processing unit for producing the control signal based on the multicellular signals. The system may include improved communication,  self-diagnostics,  and surgical insertion tools.

摘要（翻译）：一种系统和方法用于一种改进的生物界面系统的过程的患者的多细胞信号和控制一个或更多的装置是公开的。该系统包括一种传感器，其检测所述的多细胞信号和一个处理单元用于生产该控制信号基于所述的多细胞上的信号。该系统可以包括改进的通信，自诊断，和外科手术插入工具。

公开（公告）号：WO2006041738A2

公开（公告）日：2006-04-20

申请号：WOUS05035334

申请日：2005-10-03

申请人：CYBERKINETICS NEUROTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS INC; FLAHERTY J Christopher; BARRETT Burke T; DONOGHUE John Phillip; VAN WAGENEN Richard A; SMITH Christopher; PUNGOR Andras; DECARIA Christine; BRANNER Almut; HARVEY Nephi; MISENER Anthony K; GUILLORY K Shane; JOSEPH Jon P

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





403、BIOLOGICAL INTERFACE SYSTEMS WITH CONTROLLED DEVICE SELECTOR AND RELATED METHODS

标题（翻译）：生物接口系统与控制装置的选择器和相关的方法。

摘要：Various embodiments of a biological interface system and their related methods are disclosed. In one embodiment,  a biological interface system may include a sensor including a plurality of electrodes configured to detect multicellular signals emanating from one or more living cells of a patient and a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor and to process the multicellular signals to produce processed signals. The system may also include a plurality of controlled devices each configured to receive the processed signals. The plurality of controlled devices include at least a first controlled device and a second controlled device. The system may include a selector module usable by an operator and being configured to select which of the first and second controlled devices is to be controlled by the processed signals. In another embodiment,  the processing unit may include a processing unit first portion and a processing unit second portion,  where the processing unit first portion is implanted under the scalp on the skull of the patient,  and the processing unit second portion is placed above the scalp of the patient at a location proximal to the processing unit first portion.

摘要（翻译）：各种实施方案中的一种生物接口系统和它们相关的方法被公开。在一个实施方案中，一种生物接口系统可以包括一种传感器包括多个电极被配置以检测多细胞发出的信号从一个或多个一种患者的活细胞和一种处理单元被配置以接收所述从所述的传感器和与方法，所述的多细胞多细胞信号信号以产生处理的信号。该系统可以还包括一种多个的控制装置，每个被配置以接收该处理后的信号。所述多个控制装置包括至少一种第一控制的装置和一种第二控制装置。该系统可以包括一个选择器模块可通过一个操作者和被配置成选择其中的所述第一和第二控制装置是以可控制通过该处理后的信号。在另一个实施方案中，该处理单元可以包括一种处理单元第一部分和一个处理单元第二部分，其中所述处理单元第一部分是植入该患者在该头皮上的所述的颅骨，和该加工单元第二部分是该患者在一种位置放置上述该头皮的近端与所述处理单元第一部分。

公开（公告）号：WO2006020794A2

公开（公告）日：2006-02-23

申请号：WOUS05028609

申请日：2005-08-12

申请人：CYBERKINETICS NEUROTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS INC; SURGENOR Timothy R; DONOGHUE John P; SERRUYA Mijail D; FLAHERTY J Christopher

当前法律状态：PCT-有效期满





404、Biological interface systems with controlled device selector and related methods

标题（翻译）：具有受控设备选择器的生物接口系统和相关方法

摘要：Various embodiments of a biological interface system and their related methods are disclosed. A biological interface system may include a sensor including a plurality of electrodes configured to detect multicellular signals emanating from one or more living cells of a patient and a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor and to process the multicellular signals to produce processed signals. The system may also include a plurality of controlled devices each configured to receive the processed signals. The plurality of controlled devices include at least a first controlled device and a second controlled device. The system may include a selector module usable by an operator and being configured to select which of the first and second controlled devices is to be controlled by the processed signals.

摘要（翻译）：公开了生物界面系统的各种实施例及其相关方法。 一种生物接口系统可以包括传感器，该传感器包括多个电极，该多个电极被配置为检测从患者的一个或多个活细胞发出的多细胞信号；以及处理单元，该处理单元被配置为从传感器接收多细胞信号并处理多细胞信号以产生处理信号。 所述系统还可以包括多个受控设备，每个受控设备被配置为接收所处理的信号。 多个受控装置包括至少第一受控装置和第二受控装置。 所述系统可包括可由操作者使用的选择器模块，所述选择器模块经配置以选择所述第一和第二受控设备中的哪一个将由所述经处理信号控制。

公开（公告）号：US20060049957A1

公开（公告）日：2006-03-09

申请号：US11201287

申请日：2005-08-11

申请人：SURGENOR TIMOTHY R; DONOGHUE JOHN P; SERRUYA MIJAIL D; FLAHERTY J C

当前法律状态：暂缺





405、Biological interface systems with wireless connection and related methods

标题（翻译）：具有无线连接的生物接口系统和相关方法

摘要：Various embodiments of a biological interface system and their related methods are disclosed. A biological interface system may include a sensor including a plurality of electrodes configured to detect multicellular signals emanating from one or more living cells of a patient and a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor,  to process the multicellular signals to produce processed signals,  and to transmit the processed signals. The system may also include a controlled device configured to receive the processed signals from the processing unit. The processing unit may include a processing unit first portion and a processing unit second portion,  where the processing unit first portion is implanted under the scalp on the skull of the patient,  and the processing unit second portion is placed above the scalp of the patient at a location proximal to the processing unit first portion.

摘要（翻译）：公开了生物界面系统的各种实施例及其相关方法。 一种生物接口系统可包括 : 传感器，其包括多个电极，所述多个电极被配置为检测从患者的一个或多个活细胞发出的多细胞信号；以及处理单元，其被配置为从所述传感器接收所述多细胞信号， 处理多细胞信号以产生经处理的信号，并发送经处理的信号。 所述系统还可以包括受控设备，所述受控设备被配置为从所述处理单元接收所述经处理的信号。 处理单元可包括处理单元第一部分和处理单元第二部分， 其中处理单元第一部分被植入患者头皮下的颅骨上，并且处理单元第二部分被放置在患者头皮上方靠近处理单元第一部分的位置处。

公开（公告）号：US20060058627A1

公开（公告）日：2006-03-16

申请号：US11201283

申请日：2005-08-11

申请人：FLAHERTY J C; DONOGHUE JOHN P

当前法律状态：暂缺





406、BIOLOGICAL INTERFACE SYSTEM WITH CLINICIAN CONFIRMATION OF PARAMETER CHANGES

标题（翻译）：生物接口系统与临床医生确认的参数改变

摘要：A system and method for a biological interface system (100) that processes multicellular signals of a patient (500) and controls an external device (300) is disclosed. The system includes a sensor that detects the multicellular signals and a processing unit for producing the control signal based on the multicellular signals. The system further includes a permission routine that requires an approval of a clinician or other specific operator of the system when specific system parameters are changed. Embedded automatic and semi-automatic calibration and configuration systems are also disclosed.

摘要（翻译）：一种系统和方法用于一种生物接口系统(100)的过程的患者的多细胞信号(500)和控制一个外部装置(300)是公开的。该系统包括一种传感器，其检测所述的多细胞信号和一个处理单元用于生产该控制信号基于所述的多细胞上的信号。该系统进一步包括一种许可例程是一种临床医生或其它特定操作者需要一种批准的; 该系统当特定的系统参数被改变。嵌入式自动和半自动-自动校准和配置系统是还公开了。

公开（公告）号：WO2006015002A1

公开（公告）日：2006-02-09

申请号：WOUS05026564

申请日：2005-07-27

申请人：CYBERKINETICS NEUROTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS INC; FLAHERTY J Christopher; CAPLAN Abraham H; GORMAN William J; MCNALLY Caroline P; SERRUYA Mijail D; DONOGHUE John P

当前法律状态：部分进入指定国家





407、Identifying modulators of programmed cell death,  useful for treating cancer,  comprising interacting the motif of beclin protein and anti-apoptotic member of the Bcl-2,  Bcl-XL/Bcl-W protein family

标题（翻译）：鉴定编程的细胞死亡调节剂，可用于治疗癌症，包括相互作用的所述beclin的蛋白基序和抗-细胞凋亡Bcl-2的部件，Bcl-xL\/Bcl-w蛋白家族

摘要：The invention has as an aim a method of identification of modulators of cellular death programméecomprenant the interaction between a reason for the Beclin protein and an anti-apoptotique member of the family deprotéines Bcl-2 and the detection of this interaction by polarization of fluorescence. Modulateursidentifiés on the basis of the aforesaid the method are managed with the patients reached of cancers in order to induce programmed cellular death of type apoptotic and/or autophagic at the latter. The invention also relates to a reason for the Beclin protein able to interact with membreanti-apoptotique of the family of Bcl-2 proteins and its use to induce,  at the patient atteintd'  a cancer,  programmed cellular death.

摘要（翻译）：本发明具有作为目的的一种方法鉴定的细胞死亡调节剂的可程式éecomprenant所述之间的相互作用一种用于该beclin原因该家族的蛋白和一种抗-apoptotique构件deprotéines Bcl-2和所述的检测这种相互作用通过极化的荧光。modulateursidentifiéS的基础上，前述的方法是管理与所述患者达到为了诱导编程的细胞死亡的癌症的类型的细胞凋亡和\/或自体吞噬在后者，本发明还涉及一种用于beclin蛋白能相互作用的原因与该家族的Bcl-2membreanti-apoptotique蛋白质和其用途以诱导，在该患者atteintd‘的癌症，编程的细胞死亡。

公开（公告）号：FR2881429A1

公开（公告）日：2006-08-04

申请号：FR05000977

申请日：2005-02-01

申请人：SERVIER LAB; HYBRIGENICS SA

当前法律状态：失效





408、Procedure for reliable evaluation of complex dynamic systems e.g. ocean currents involves at least artifact minimization,  development optimization,  stability computations,  determination of forthcoming regime changes

标题（翻译）：用于可靠的评估复杂动态系统的过程e。G。海洋电流包括至少赝象最小化，开发优化，稳定性计算，即将来临的状况的变化测定

摘要：Dynamic [...] and/or measurable expenditure systems generate ("output",  "behaviour"),  often accurate predicting future behaviour only in exceptional cases simplestto over-coincidental the enable immediately.  The present invention provides with a reliability rating present behaviour,  this behaviour ("deployment") decodes,  indices calculated for future behavior and represents the results as input in an appropriate manner and for the specific prognosticating system.

摘要（翻译）：动态系统产生beoabachtbare和\/或可测量的支出(“输出”，“行为”)，其使频繁地适用于仅直接预测未来的可能的行为在最简单的异常情况下，以过偶然。可用本发明提供了一种可用的行为与一个可靠性评价，解码这个行为(“显影”)，计算特性号码用于未来行为和表示该结果为用于该特定的预测系统作为输入合适的方式。

公开（公告）号：DE102004051381A1

公开（公告）日：2006-05-11

申请号：DE102004051381

申请日：2004-10-21

申请人：HOLZNER OLIVER; WALTHER HORST

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





409、Semiconductor device and manufacturing method thereof

标题（翻译）：半导体器件及其制造方法

摘要：A semiconductor device having high operating performance and reliability,  and a manufacturing method thereof are provided. An LDD region 207 provided in an n-channel TFT 302 forming a driving circuit enhances the tolerance for hot carrier injection. LDD regions 217-220 provided in an n-channel TFT (pixel TFT) 304 forming a pixel portion greatly contribute to the decrease in the OFF current value. Here,  the LDD region of the n-channel TFT of the driving circuit is formed such that the concentration of the n-type impurity element becomes higher as the distance from an adjoining drain region decreases.

摘要（翻译）：提供了一种具有高工作性能和可靠性的半导体器件及其制造方法。 在形成驱动电路的n沟道TFT302中提供的LDD区207增强了对热载流子注入的耐受性。 在形成像素部分的n沟道TFT(pixelTFT)304中提供的LDD区域217-220对关断电流值的降低有很大的贡献。 在此，形成驱动电路的n沟道TFT的LDD区，使得n型杂质元素的浓度随着与相邻漏极区的距离的减小而变得更高。

公开（公告）号：US20040214439A1

公开（公告）日：2004-10-28

申请号：US10852258

申请日：2004-05-25

申请人：Semiconductor Energy Laboratory Co Ltd

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





410、Low-temperature,  low-resistivity heavily doped P-type polysilicon deposition

标题（翻译）：低温低电阻率重掺杂p型多晶硅沉积

摘要：A method to create a low resistivity P+in-situ doped polysilicon film at low temperature from SiH4 and BCl3 with no anneal required. At conventional dopant concentrations using these source gases,  as deposition temperature decreases below about 550 degrees C.,  deposition rate decreases and sheet resistance increases,  making production of a high-quality film impossible. By flowing very high amounts of BCl3,  however,  such that the concentration of boron atoms in the resultant film is about 7×1020 or higher,  the deposition rate and sheet resistance are improved,  and a high-quality film is produced.

摘要（翻译）：一种在低温下由SiH4和BCl3制备低电阻率P+原位掺杂多晶硅膜而无需退火的方法。 在使用这些源气体的常规掺杂剂浓度下，当沉积温度降低到低于约550℃时，沉积速率降低并且片电阻增加，使得不可能生产高质量膜。 但是，通过使非常大量的BCl3流动，使得所得膜中硼原子的浓度为约7×1020或更高，沉积速率和薄片电阻得到改善，并且生产出高质量的膜。

公开（公告）号：US20040235278A1

公开（公告）日：2004-11-25

申请号：US10769047

申请日：2004-01-30

申请人：HERNER S BRAD; CLARK MARK H

当前法律状态：暂缺





411、Method and system for a real time adaptive system for effecting changes in cognitive-emotive profiles

标题（翻译）：一种用于实时自适应系统的方法和系统，所述实时自适应系统用于实现认知-情感简档中的改变

摘要：A means and method for inducing a temporary physiological state-of-mind to effect persistent changes to the cognitive-emotive profile of an individual,  which is adaptable for neurofeedback and “mental-state” therapeutic and non-therapeutic interventions. The system comprises an EEG Recording Module (ERM),  a Neurodynamics Assessment Module (“NAM”),  and a Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation module (“TMS”) for acquiring and manipulating bioelectrical and/or EEG data,  defining a cognitive-emotive profile,  and mapping the cognitive-emotive profile to selectively control transcranial magnetic stimulation to drive therapeutic and non-therapeutic stimulus interventions. A bi-directional feedback feature is provided to further enhance the performance of the system to effect prolonged changes.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于诱导暂时性生理精神状态以对个体的认知-情绪轮廓产生持续变化的装置和方法，其适于神经反馈和“精神状态”治疗和非治疗干预。 该系统包括EEG记录模块(ERM)、神经动力学评估模块(“NAM”)和经颅磁刺激模块(“TMS”)，用于获取和操纵生物电和/或EEG数据，定义认知-情感简档，并映射认知-情感简档以选择性地控制经颅磁刺激以驱动治疗性和非治疗性刺激干预。 提供双向反馈特征以进一步增强系统的性能以实现延长的改变。

公开（公告）号：US7460903B2

公开（公告）日：2008-12-02

申请号：US10661658

申请日：2003-09-12

申请人：PINEDA JAIME A; ALLISON BRENDAN Z

当前法律状态：暂缺





412、Preparation of a conjugated molecule and materials for use therein

标题（翻译）：共轭分子的制备和其中使用的材料

摘要：A method for preparing a conjugated molecule comprising a first monomer coupled to a second monomer,  said method comprising :  (i) linking the first monomer to a solid support via the germanium atom of a germyl linking group;  (ii) coupling the first monomer to the second monomer in a coupling position to form a bound conjugated molecule,  wherein the second monomer has a protecting group in a non-coupling position;   (iii) optionally sequentially coupling a third,  fourth . . . and nth monomer to the second,  third and (n?1)th monomer respectively;  (iv) removing the protecting group;  and (v) ipso-degermylation to release the bound conjugated molecule.

摘要（翻译）：一种制备包含偶联到第二单体上的第一单体的共轭分子的方法，所述方法包括 : (i)通过锗基连接基团的锗原子将第一单体连接到固体载体上； (ii)在偶联位置将第一单体偶联到第二单体以形成结合的共轭分子，其中第二单体在非偶联位置具有保护基团； (iii)任选地顺序地耦合第三，第四电极。 。。和第n单体分别为第2，第3和第(n+1)单体； (iv)除去保护基； 和(v)自体脱菌以释放结合的共轭分子。

公开（公告）号：US20050165185A1

公开（公告）日：2005-07-28

申请号：US10511625

申请日：2003-04-17

申请人：SPIVEY ALAN C; TURNER DAVID J; CARLO CUPERTINO DOMENICO; ANEMIAN REMI M; YEATES STEPHEN G

当前法律状态：暂缺





413、Cells hostesses having improved properties of cellular survival and methods to generate such cells

标题（翻译）：细胞hostesses具有改进特性的细胞存活和方法，以产生这种细胞

摘要：The present invention relates to genetically engineered mammalian host cells comprising an enhanced level of active anti-apoptosis genes and methods to generate such host cells. More particularly,  the invention pertains to methods which modulate the level of anti-apoptosis active genes within host cells and to host cells showing an enhanced cell viability by delaying/inhibiting programmed cell death naturally occurring in such cells.

摘要（翻译）：“Célulashostesses具有改进特性的去细胞sobrevivência和Métodos以产生这种Células”。本发明提及至该哺乳动物细胞的hostesses存在遗传计划的理解，一种accented水平的活性活性基因antiapoptose和方法来产生这种细胞hostesses。更具体地，本发明属于所述的方法，其调节该水平的活性基因内的antiapoptose该细胞hostesses和以本发明的患者的细胞生存力hostesses强化细胞通过被晚期\/以抑制所述编程的细胞这种细胞中的天然发生死亡。本发明还提供到新的适当的基因antiapoptose本发明的一种患者hostesses细胞的细胞制备存活力的强化通过被晚期\/以抑制所述编程的细胞死亡的天然发生在这些细胞。

公开（公告）号：BRPI0308810A

公开（公告）日：2005-06-28

申请号：BRPI0308810

申请日：2003-03-25

申请人：BOEHRINGER INGELHEIM PHARMA

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





414、Method and system for an intelligent supervisory control system

标题（翻译）：智能监控系统的方法和系统

摘要：An intelligent supervisory control system or neuro-user interface (NUI),  and method that utilize bioelectric state of mind or cognitive profile to control electronic and mechanical resources in an environment,  such as in a 3-D PC or console game,  a simulation or virtual environment,  a cockpit,  automobile,  home,  or surgical theatre. The interface comprises means for acquiring the brain signals of a user or subject,  which are converted into a digital stream and mathematically processed to define an electrical state of the mind or cognitive profile of the user. Incorporating microprocessor-based software and storage facilities,  the interface dynamically maps the cognitive profile onto multiple functions,  which are adaptable for actuating microprocessor commands. In conjunction with other standard input devices such as mouse,  keyboard,  or joystick,  the intelligent supervisory control interface of the present invention thus provides a user with the maximal degrees of freedom for the control of the resources (or electrical and mechanical devices) in the environment.

摘要（翻译）：一种智能监控系统或神经-用户界面(NUI)，以及利用生物电的精神状态或认知简档来控制环境中的电子和机械资源的方法，所述环境例如在3-D PC或控制台游戏，模拟或虚拟环境，驾驶舱，汽车，家庭或手术室中。 所述接口包括用于获取用户或受试者的脑信号的装置，所述脑信号被转换成数字流并被数学处理以定义所述用户的精神或认知简档的电状态。 所述接口结合基于微处理器的软件和存储设施，将所述认知简档动态地映射到多个功能上，所述多个功能适于启动微处理器命令。 本发明的智能管理控制界面结合其它标准输入设备，例如鼠标，键盘或操纵杆，从而为用户提供用于控制环境中的资源(或电气和机械设备)的最大自由度。

公开（公告）号：US20030176806A1

公开（公告）日：2003-09-18

申请号：US10376676

申请日：2003-02-26

申请人：PINEDA JAIME A; ALLISON BRENDAN Z





415、Automated lung knot segmenting by means of dynamic programming and on EM of based classification

标题（翻译）：自动动态编程和肺的结通过分割装置在基于分类的EM

摘要：There is provided a method for automatically segmenting lung nodules in a three-dimensional (3D) Computed Tomography (CT) volume dataset. An input is received corresponding to a user-selected point near a boundary of a nodule. A model is constructed of the nodule from the user-selected point,  the model being a deformable circle having a set of parameters beta that represent a shape of the nodule. Continuous parts of the boundary and discontinuities of the boundary are estimated until the set of parameters beta converges,  using dynamic programming and Expectation Maximization (EM). The nodule is segmented,  based on estimates of the continuous parts of the boundary and the discontinuities of the boundary.

摘要（翻译）：本发明提供了一种用于自动分割方法肺结节在一个三-维(3D)计算断层摄影(CT)体积数据集。一个输入被接收的对应到一个用户选择的一个结节的边界附近的点。一个结节所述的构造模型是从所述用户选择的点，该模型是一个可变形的圆具有一设定的参数β代表一个结节的形状。所述边界的连续部件和所述边界的被估计的不连续性，直到所述设定的参数β收敛，使用动态编程和期望最大化(EM)。所述结节被分段，基于估计的所述边界的所述连续部件和所述的不连续性所述边界。

公开（公告）号：DE10255525A1

公开（公告）日：2003-07-17

申请号：DE10255525

申请日：2002-11-27

申请人：SIEMENS CORP RES INC

当前法律状态：未授权放弃





416、Method and apparatus for transmitting user data in an HSDPA mobile communication system

标题（翻译）：在HSDPA移动通信系统中发送用户数据的方法和装置

摘要：Transmitting user data in an HSDPA (High Speed Downlink Packet Access) mobile communication system by using an FCS (Fast Cell Selection) technique where an RNC (Radio Network Controller) transmits packet data only to a Node B that is best able to transmit data to a UE (User Equipment) on the downlink.

摘要（翻译）：在HSDPA(高速下行链路分组接入)移动通信系统中，通过使用FCS(快速小区选择)技术来发送用户数据，其中RNC(无线网络控制器)仅将分组数据发送到下行链路上最能够向UE(用户设备)发送数据的节点B。

公开（公告）号：US20030031119A1

公开（公告）日：2003-02-13

申请号：US10173191

申请日：2002-06-17

申请人：SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS CO LTD

当前法律状态：暂缺





417、New chemical-inducable promoters

标题（翻译）：新的化学-inducable启动子

摘要：The invention relates to methods for the chemically inducible expression of nucleic acid sequences,   preferably in plants. Said invention also relates to novel chemically inducible promoters,  functional  equivalents and functionally equivalent parts thereof as well as expression cassettes and vectors,  which  contain said promoter sequences. Said invention further relates to transgenic plants,  transformed by means of  the expression cassettes and vectors,  cultures,  parts or a transgenic breeding product derived therefrom and  the use thereof in the production of foodstuffs,  feedstuffs,  seeds,  pharmaceutical and fine chemical products.  Said invention also relates to the use of said expression cassettes and vectors in methods for identifying  substances which are able to induce a pathogen-resistance in plants.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及用于该化学诱导型表达的核酸序列的方法，优选在植物。所述明还涉及新的化学诱导型启动子，及其功能性等同物和功能上等效份，以及为表达盒和载体，其含有所述启动子序列。所述明还涉及转基因植物，该表达盒和载体转化的通过装置的，培养物中，份; 或从其衍生的转基因育种的产品和所述的应用及其在所生产的食品，饲料，种子，药物和精细化学产品。所述明还涉及该方法中所述表达盒和载体的用途，用于鉴定物质的是能够以诱导的植物中病原体-抗性。

公开（公告）号：DE10150676A1

公开（公告）日：2003-04-30

申请号：DE10150676

申请日：2001-10-17

申请人：BASF PLANT SCIENCE GMBH

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





418、Methods of making magnetoresistive memory devices

标题（翻译）：制造磁阻存储器件的方法

摘要：The invention includes methods of forming magnetoresistive devices. In one method,  a construction is formed which includes a first magnetic layer,  a non-magnetic layer over the first magnetic layer,  and a second magnetic layer over the non-magnetic layer. A first pattern is extended through the second magnetic layer and to the non-magnetic layer with an etch selective for the material of the second magnetic layer relative to the material of the non-magnetic layer. A dielectric material is formed over the patterned second magnetic layer,  and subsequently a second etch is utilized to extend a second pattern through the non-magnetic layer and at least partway into the first magnetic layer.

摘要（翻译）：本发明包括形成磁阻器件的方法。 在一种方法中，形成包括第一磁性层，在第一磁性层上的非磁性层和在非磁性层上的第二磁性层的结构。 通过相对于非磁性层的材料对第二磁性层的材料选择性的蚀刻，第一图案延伸穿过第二磁性层并延伸到非磁性层。 在图案化的第二磁性层上形成介电材料，随后利用第二蚀刻将第二图案延伸穿过非磁性层并至少部分地进入第一磁性层。

公开（公告）号：US6656372B2

公开（公告）日：2003-12-02

申请号：US09971758

申请日：2001-10-04

申请人：Micron Technology Inc

当前法律状态：暂缺





419、Method for forming metal line using the dual damascene process

标题（翻译）：用于形成金属线的方法使用该双镶嵌工艺

摘要：PURPOSE :  A method for fabricating a metal interconnection by a dual damascene process is provided to easily embody a fine pattern,  by performing a dual damascene etch method regarding an intermetal dielectric of a low dielectric constant and by greatly reducing the thickness of photoresist.CONSTITUTION :  A diffusion barrier layer and an insulation layer are formed on a lower metal interconnection. A metallic hard mask layer is formed on the insulation layer in an upper metal interconnection formation region. An oxidation hard mask layer having the same height as the metallic hard mask layer is formed in a region except the upper metal interconnection formation region. The metallic head mask layer is selectively etched to open a via hole formation region. A predetermined depth of the insulation layer is firstly etched by using the patterned metallic hard mask layer. The metallic hard mask layer is removed. The insulation layer is selectively etched by using the oxidation hard mask layer so that a via hole to which the lower metal interconnection is exposed and a trench for forming an upper metal interconnection are simultaneously fabricated.? KIPO 2003

摘要（翻译）：目的 : 一种用于制造方法由一个双镶嵌工艺是提供一种金属互连到容易地体现一种精细图形，通过执行一个关于一种金属间介电的双镶嵌刻蚀方法一低介电常数和由大大降低所述光致抗蚀剂的厚度。结构 : 一扩散阻障层和一绝缘层被形成在下金属互连。一金属中的所述绝缘层上形成硬掩模层形成区域上的金属互连。一种氧化硬掩模层具有相同的高度作为该金属硬掩模层被形成在一所述上金属互连形成区域以外的区域。所述金属头掩模层被选择性地蚀刻，以打开一个通孔形成区域。所述绝缘层的一预定的深度是首先通过使用所述图案化的金属硬掩模层刻蚀。该金属硬掩模层被去除。所述绝缘层被选择性地通过使用所述氧化刻蚀硬掩模层，使得通过孔，以其中所述下金属互连被暴露和一个用于形成上金属互连沟槽被同时制造的。kipo2003

公开（公告）号：KR1020020054863A

公开（公告）日：2002-07-08

申请号：KR1020000084103

申请日：2000-12-28

申请人：HYNIX SEMICONDUCTOR INC

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





420、Procedure for roughening a semiconductor chip up for optoelectronics

标题（翻译）：用于粗化的半导体芯片上用于光电器件的过程

摘要：The use of a plasma etching method for roughening the whole surface of a luminescence diode (1) with a  substrate (2),  made from SiC and an epitaxial layer (3),  made from InGaN is disclosed,  whereby,  in addition to  etching gas components,  polymer components are also used,  by means of which the surface (5,  6,  7,  8) of the  luminescence diode (1) is partly covered with a polymer film. The light yield can be increased by a factor of  2,  by means of the roughening method.

摘要（翻译）：所使用的等离子体刻蚀一发光二极管的整个表面粗化所述的方法(1)与一衬底(2)，由从SiC和外延层(3)，公开了从InGaN制成的，由此，除了刻蚀气体成分，聚合物组分是还使用，由的装置，其中所述表面(5，6，7，8)的所述发光二极管(1)与一种聚合物是部分地覆盖膜。所述的光通过一个产量可以增加因子2，通过所述粗糙化方法的装置。

公开（公告）号：DE10064448A1

公开（公告）日：2002-07-04

申请号：DE10064448

申请日：2000-12-22

申请人：OSRAM OPTO SEMICONDUCTORS GMBH CO OHG

当前法律状态：未授权失效





421、Tantalum oxide etching process especially for DRAM capacitor production

标题（翻译）：钽氧化物刻蚀过程特别是用于DRAM电容器的生产

摘要：A tantalum oxide etching process employs a boron trichloride-containing reactive gas. A tantalum oxide  etching process comprises :  (a) successively forming a first conductive structure,  a dielectric layer and a  second conductive layer on a semiconductor substrate;  and (b) carrying out photolithographic and etching  operations using a boron trichloride-containing reactive gas for patterning the second conductive layer and the  dielectric layer. Preferred Features :  The reactive gas is a BCl3/Cl2/N2 gas mixture. The dielectric layer is a  Ta2O5 layer covered by a TiN barrier layer and the second conductive layer is a polysilicon layer.

摘要（翻译）：一钽氧化物刻蚀工艺采用一种含氯化铁-硼的反应性气体。一钽氧化物刻蚀工艺包括 : (a)连续地形成一第一导电结构，一个介电层和一第二一种半导体衬底上的导电层; 和(b)进行光刻和刻蚀操作使用一种含氯化铁-硼的反应性气体用于构图第二导电层和所述介电层。优选的特征 : 所述反应性气体是一种bcl3\/cl2\/氮气混合物。所述介电层是由一锡的势垒层和Ta2O5层覆盖第二导电层是一种多晶硅层。

公开（公告）号：DE19822048A1

公开（公告）日：1999-10-07

申请号：DE19822048

申请日：1998-05-16

申请人：UNITED MICROELECTRONICS CORP HSINCHU; United Microelectronics Corp Hsinchu TWHsinchuTWTW

当前法律状态：未授权失效





422、DEVICE FOR PURIFICAR A COMPOSITION AND METHOD TO ELIMINATE AT LEAST AN IMPURITY OF A COMPOSITION

标题（翻译）：用于purificar装置的组合物和方法，以消除在一种组合物的至少一种杂质

摘要：A system and method for purifying liquefied corrosive gases of metallic impurities is described. The principle for this purification method relies on vapor-phase tansfilling the vapor phase from a source container into a receiving container. This method has been observed to decrease metal concentrations by a factor of at least 1000 and decreases the metallic impurity levels in the resulting condensate. The vapor transfer is accomplished by controlled differential pressure rather than mechanical pumping,  thereby generating no particle or metal impurities.

摘要（翻译）：一种用于净化系统和方法液化腐蚀金属杂质的气体被描述。所述原理用于这种净化方法。依赖于蒸气-相tansfilling所述蒸气相从一个源容器到一接收容器，该方法具有被以降低金属浓度观察到通过在至少1000的一个因素和减小所述金属杂质水平在所述得到的冷凝液。所述蒸气转移是通过控制来实现差动压力而不是机械泵，从而产生无颗粒或金属杂质。

公开（公告）号：BRPI9800538A

公开（公告）日：1999-08-10

申请号：BRPI9800538

申请日：1998-02-03

申请人：L' AIR LIQUIDO SOCIETE ANONYME POUR L' ETUDE ET L' EXPLOITATION DES PROCEDES GEORGES CLAUDE

当前法律状态：未授权失效





423、PROCESS OF DETERMINATION OF the VIBRATIONS OF the ROTOR Of a REVOLVING MACHINE,  EQUIPMENT FOR REVOLVING MACHINE AND REVOLVING MACHINE EQUIPEE

标题（翻译）：确定所述转子的所述的振动的过程的一个回转机，用于回转机设备和回转机equipee

摘要：Two displacement sensors,  preferably magnetic (C1, C2) are separated,  preferably by a right angle sight a measuring track in a rotor (1). Measurements are taken at operating speed and at a lower speed such that parasitic effects only are represented and true rotor vibration is obtained by difference using recording,  digitizing and processing equipment (4, 5).

摘要（翻译）：两个位移传感器，最好是磁性(C1，C2)被分离，优选地通过一右角的视线测量轨道在一个转子(1)。测量是在操作速度和在一个较低的速度，使得寄生效应仅表示和真转子的振动是通过使用差值获得的记录，数字化和处理设备(4，5)。

公开（公告）号：FR2768509A1

公开（公告）日：1999-03-19

申请号：FR97011449

申请日：1997-09-15

申请人：TOTAL RAFFINAGE DISTRIBUTION

当前法律状态：失效





424、Quartz glass preform production for optical fibre manufacture

标题（翻译）：石英玻璃预制棒的生产用于光纤维制造

摘要：Production of a quartz glass preform involves supplying a liquid glass starting material to an injection nozzle of a multi-nozzle deposition burner to cause atomisation or gasification of the material,  mixing the material with an oxygen-containing gas to form SiO2 particles,  depositing the particles on a substrate to form a porous preform and then sintering. The deposition burner is supplied with an atomising gas which creates a reduced pressure in the region of the opening of the injection nozzle (6).  Also claimed is an apparatus for carrying out the above process,  the apparatus including an atomising gas supply nozzle (7) which is located adjacent the injection nozzle (6) and which has a nozzle opening extending in a plane (12) beyond the injection nozzle opening as viewed in the atomising gas feed direction.

摘要（翻译）：生产的一种石英玻璃预制棒包括提供一种液体玻璃的起始材料以一注射喷嘴的一种多喷嘴沉积燃烧器，以使雾化或气化的材料，将该材料与一种含氧气体以形成SiO2颗粒，一种衬底上沉积所述颗粒以形成一种多孔预型件和然后烧结。所述沉积燃烧器是供给与一种雾化气体产生一种降低压力在该注射喷嘴的开口的区域(6)。还要求保护一种装置用于进行上述的方法，该装置包括一种雾化气体供给喷嘴(7)，其是位于相邻的所述注射喷嘴(6)和其具有一个喷嘴开口延伸在一平面(12)超出该注射喷嘴开口作为在该雾化气体进料方向看。

公开（公告）号：DE19725955C1

公开（公告）日：1999-01-21

申请号：DE19725955

申请日：1997-06-19

申请人：HERAEUS QUARZGLAS GMBH

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





425、First component and a second component for etching alloy plasma processing method

标题（翻译）：第一组分和一种第二组分用于刻蚀合金的等离子体加工方法。

摘要：[Configured] on a substrate without an ore residue etchant for etching method in multi-component alloy,  including electrode and a plasma plasma generator (a) introduced into the chamber and are the positioning of a substrate at,  (b) a dissociated cl+ plasma ion and the non a dissociated cl2 plasma ion ionization to form said capable chlorine-containing gas to chlorine-containing gas justice nautical mile ,  which may increase the volume of inert gas flow rate ratio for machining gas processing which it has a (vr) introducing a chamber,  and (c) number 1 of the power levels rf formed on applied to plasma generator current,  number 2 of the power levels of the plasma electrode current rf on substrate by applied to dynamic impacts it in a plasma to form said processing gas include a the,  chlorine containing a process gas are ionized and said said a dissociated cl+ cl2 a dissociated the conductor and a non-plasma ion plasma ion ratio of the least 0.6 : 1 to said number 2 power level (pr) power ratio of the power levels said number 1 and said volume (vr) by selecting (vr) quantity expense said is formed of residue etchant on a substrate at least about 500 nanometer/min. to etch rate method performing etching of multi-component alloy.

摘要（翻译）：[构造]在一个衬底没有矿残余物的蚀刻剂用于蚀刻方法在多-成分的合金，包括电极和一个等离子体的等离子体发生器(a)引入到该腔室和被该基板的定位处，(b)解离Cl+等离子体离子和非离解cl2等离子体离子的电离以形成所述可含氯气体对含氯气体适当nautical辊磨，其可以增加该惰性气体的体积流率比用于加工气体加工它具有一个(vr)引入室，和(c)数1的功率电平的RF形成在施加以等离子体发生器的电流，数2的功率电平的所述等离子体电极的电流通过施加衬底上的RF以动态冲击它在一种等离子体来形成所述处理气体包括一种本发明，含氯的工艺气体被电离和所述所述的离解Cl+cl2一种解离所述导体和一个非-等离子体的离子等离子体离子比所述的至少0.6 : 1到所述数的2功率的功率电平的水平(pr)功率比所述数1和所述体积通过选择(vr)量的费用(vr)所述形成的残基蚀刻剂在一衬底在至少大约500纳米\/分钟。以蚀刻率的方法进行蚀刻的多-成分的合金。

公开（公告）号：KR19970062080A

公开（公告）日：1997-09-12

申请号：KR1019970003470

申请日：1997-02-05

申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; Applied Materials Inc

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





426、PLASMA TREATMENT AND PLASMA TREATING DEVICE

标题（翻译）：等离子体处理和等离子体处理装置

摘要：[Configured] D process chamber light to gas radio frequencies is generated using a plasma process chamber re enshrining frame of the board member is said photocatalytic food waste disposer is provided and carried out plasma treatment of substrate,  after said to stop application of high frequency,  said substrate in the process chamber gas atmosphere comprising heavy hydrogen of said warmed and a step for a predetermined time to,  then,  said processing chamber after the oxidization from said substrate to plasma processing method characterized by a fixed aggregates.

摘要（翻译）：[配置]D处理室光，以气体产生的无线电频率是使用一种等离子体处理室的重新enshrining帧所述板构件是所述光催化是提供食品废渣处理器和进行等离子体处理的衬底，之后，所述以停止应用的高频率，所述处理室气体气氛中所述衬底包括所述加热的重氢和一步骤，用于一个预定的时间到，然后，所述所述氧化后从所述基板处理室到等离子处理方法，其特征在于，一个固定的聚集体。

公开（公告）号：KR19970052776A

公开（公告）日：1997-07-29

申请号：KR1019960072519

申请日：1996-12-26

申请人：KOKUSA ELECTRIC CO LTD





427、Method for forming storage node of semiconductor device

标题（翻译）：用于形成存储节点的半导体装置的方法

摘要：[Configured] in method for forming storage node of semiconductor device,  semiconductor substrate of silicon oxide film formed on the [...] ,  said hole by etching partially the filler and method stage for [...] interlayer dielectric,  a total structure of tungsten to applying with a fixed thickness on a bottom layer and a,  upper adhesive layer tungsten said said contact hole is of depositing W on surge completes while depositing an a certain height and allowed,  a photoresist layer is applied on on top and forming a photoresist pattern,  on the photoresist layer pattern as a mask to the lower tungsten at dry etching for etching adhesive layer [...] said and method stage,  again removing a photosensitive layer is upper tungsten said gasket [...] for electrodes for the embodiment etching characterized by comprising to method for forming storage node of semiconductor device.

摘要（翻译）：[配置]在用于形成存储节点的半导体装置的方法，所述[上形成硅氧化膜的半导体衬底。。。]，所述孔通过蚀刻部分所述填料和方法阶段[。。。]层间介电，钨，以施加与一固定的总结构厚度在底部层和一个; 上粘接剂层钨上淀积W的所述所述接触孔是浪涌完成的同时沉积一定高度和允许的，一种光致抗蚀剂层是在顶部和形成上施加光致抗蚀剂图案，在所述光致抗蚀剂层图案作为掩模，以所述下在干法刻蚀用于蚀刻钨粘接剂层[。。。]所述和方法阶段，再次除去感光层上的钨所述垫圈[。。。用于该实施例]用于电极的蚀刻，其特征在于，包括到用于形成存储节点的半导体装置的方法。

公开（公告）号：KR1019980005625A

公开（公告）日：1998-03-30

申请号：KR1019960025801

申请日：1996-06-29

申请人：HYNIX SEMICONDUCTOR INC





428、capacitor of semiconductor device and it.s fabrication method

标题（翻译）：电容器的半导体装置，它。S的制造方法。

摘要：Doped impurity diffusion region is [configured] B the semiconductor substrate,  having,  formed in the substrate semiconductor said impurity diffusion region on said interlayer isolation loaded on the same plane actually,  along the upper edge of the contact hole a insulation layer anti-ring lower electrode number 1-shaped (half ring),  said surface of the substrate layer exposed through the contact hole is,  contact hole wall and number 1 number 2 a plate electrode is formed on lower electrode,  a dielectric layer plate electrode is formed on said number 1,  2,  comprises an upper electrode a in being stratiform formation dielectric said a processes is simplified and characterized by capacitor structure of semiconductor device.

摘要（翻译）：掺杂的杂质扩散区是[配置]b所述半导体衬底，具有，所述衬底中形成的半导体所述杂质扩散区在所述层间隔离所述相同的平面上加载实际上，沿所述的上边缘所述接触孔的一绝缘层的抗-环的下电极数1-形(半环)，所述衬底的所述表面层通过所述接触孔露出的是，接触孔的壁和数1号2的板电极被形成在下电极，介电层板电极被形成在所述数量1，2，包括一上电极中的一个被stratiform形成介电所述的一种过程被简化，其特征在于电容器结构的半导体装置。

公开（公告）号：KR19970072410A

公开（公告）日：1997-11-07

申请号：KR1019960011066

申请日：1996-04-12

申请人：HYUNDAI MICRO ELECTRONICS CO LTD





429、Distributed control system (DCS) and the high the best brains programmable logic controller interface (Hibrain PLC) method

标题（翻译）：分布式控制系统(DCS)和所述高所述最佳脑可编程逻辑控制器接口(hibrainPLC)方法。

摘要：Programmable logic configuration Quorum a high-resistance distributed control system provides method for interfacing a controller. Distributed control system (10) upon occurrence of control commands is,  interface protocol package (20) has a distributed control system control commands from the graphic signal processing part converts the distributed control system which is subsystem of user assigned to the ' 1'  table.  At this time,  interface protocol package (20) the output message buffer (24) after establishing a the recording instructions.  This data programmable logic controller (30) communication modules (32) and outputs the,  input,  output module (34) by and outputs it to outside through the device,  external device are to control.  Programmable logic controller' s mouth,  output module pixel is from an external device,  is drives the communication module and outputs the,  interface protocol package programmable logic controller communication modules (32) to be displayed when the data from,  input message buffer (22) sets and,  wherein data is recorded in a after,  written to the buffer is made an input message package interface protocol data S [...] memory the interlayer buffer,  and writes the data in a table. Computer useful and used for constructing integrated production system.

摘要（翻译）：可编程逻辑配置的定额一高电阻<>分布式控制系统提供了一个控制器接口的方法。<>分布式控制系统(10)在控制命令的出现是，接口协议封装(20)具有一个分布式控制系统控制命令从所述图形信号处理部分将所述用户的分布式控制系统，其是子系统分配给所述‘1’表。在这个时间，接口协议封装(20)该输出消息缓冲器(24)建立该记录后的指令。这种数据可编程逻辑控制器(30)通信模块(32)和输出所述，输入，输出模块(34)通过与输出它到外部通过所述的装置，外部装置被控制。可编程逻辑控制器的口，输出模块像素是从一外部装置，是驱动所述通信模块和输出所述，接口协议封装可编程逻辑控制器的通信模块(32)到被显示在所述数据从，输入消息缓冲器(22)组和，其中数据被记录在一后，写入到该缓冲器是由一个输入消息封装的接口协议数据S[。。。]存储所述层间缓冲器，和一个表中写入该数据。<>计算机有用的用于构建和使用集成制造系统。

公开（公告）号：KR19970022727A

公开（公告）日：1997-05-30

申请号：KR1019950037676

申请日：1995-10-27

申请人：SAMSUNG HEAVY IND CO LTD





430、Preparation processes diisopinocanfeilcloroborano and of reducing a ketone proquiral

标题（翻译）：diisopinocanfeilcloroborano的制备方法和一种proquiral酮的还原

摘要：The present invention relates to an improved process for the in situ preparation of diisopinocampheylchloroborane which comprises reacting sodium borohydride and boron trichloride with  alpha -pinene. The diisopinocampheylchloroborane thus obtained may be used,  without isolation,  to reduce prochiral ketones to their corresponding alcohols in high optical purity.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种改进的diisopinocampheylchloroborane的原位制备所述的方法，其包括使硼氢化钠和与α-蒎烯三氯化硼。该diisopinocampheylchloroborane从而获得可被使用，无需分离，以降低前手性酮与它们的相应的醇在高光学纯度。

公开（公告）号：BRPI9508578A

公开（公告）日：1997-11-25

申请号：BRPI9508578

申请日：1995-08-07

申请人：MERCK CO INC

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





431、METHOD FOR FORMING METAL WIRING IN SEMICONDUCTOR DEVICE

标题（翻译）：用于形成金属布线的方法在半导体装置。

摘要：[Purpose] semiconductor sealing following etching of a strong oxidative gas and CF4 using mixed gases made of the ozone gas the second contact holes after etching the perform by,  substituted during remaining carbon atoms to a polymer build-up to the inhibit CF3. [Configured] on a substrate metal film is deposited to photoresist layer to form the photoresist pattern after,  BCl3/Cl2 mask same metal film as gas that selectively etches and metal of forming a wiring pattern with and,  ozone (O3) gas CF4 gas 5%-20% total gas flow manufactured by mixing of perform post etched using by,  be dried quickly after use while substituted F * Cl* to CO carbon atoms,  CO2,  is volatilized in the form COF2 inhibit generation of polymer.

摘要（翻译）：[目的]的半导体密封用以下的强氧化性气体和CF4蚀刻使用由所述的臭氧气体的混合气体第二接触孔通过蚀刻所述执行后，剩余期间取代的碳原子以一种聚合物积聚到所述抑制cf3。[配置]在一个衬底金属膜被沉积到光致抗蚀剂层以形成所述光致抗蚀剂图案后，BCl3\/cl2掩模相同的金属膜作为气体，其选择性地蚀刻和形成的金属布线图案与和，臭氧(O3)气体制造总气体流量CF4气体5%-20%通过执行使用的蚀刻后的混合，使用后被快速干燥同时取代F×cl*以Co碳原子，CO2，是在所述形成cof2挥发抑制生成的聚合物。

公开（公告）号：KR19960035971A

公开（公告）日：1996-10-28

申请号：KR1019950006556

申请日：1995-03-27

申请人：HYNIX SEMICONDUCTOR INC





432、Device and method for thereof and an indicia substrate

标题（翻译）：基板装置和用于其的方法和一种标记

摘要：Substrate for fixing holder and electrically substrate comprises an the charge element to the ground terminal grounded,  contaminant is and then deposited on a substrate on the substrate is for making type S40 to can be. Thereof and an indicia substrate a device suitable for a holder for fixing a substrate electrically and a substrate includes a ground.  At least one needle electrodes are formed upon a substrate by placed proximate to has tips,  a gap is between the root and the substrate and is enabled.  High voltage source,  an electrode tip gap inside the current to the light-emitting element the ion gas is adapted to strike a substrate gas forms indicia a the.

摘要（翻译）：<>用于固定基板保持器和电衬底包括一个所述充电元件到所述接地端子接地，污染物是和然后一衬底上淀积在所述衬底是用于制造型s40到可以。其和一种标记<>衬底的一装置，适用于一夹持器，用于固定一个衬底电和一衬底包括一接地。至少一个针电极被形成在一个由以具有尖端附近放置基板，一间隙被所述根部和所述衬底之间并被启用。高电压源，一个电极尖端的间隙内的所述电流到所述光-发射元件的所述离子气体被适于撞击衬底的气体形成标记的一个所述。

公开（公告）号：KR19950004514A

公开（公告）日：1995-02-18

申请号：KR1019940015169

申请日：1994-06-29

申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INCORPORATED





433、CADMIUM PRODUCTION METHOD

标题（翻译）：镉生产方法。

摘要：FIELD :  non-ferrous metallurgy. SUBSTANCE :  cupric sulfide is loaded in carbonate smelt under temperature of 873 - 1520 C and kept for 1 - 4.5 hours. EFFECT :  production of copper from cupric sulfide without carbon reducer usage and decrease of outgoing gases volume from smelt of alkaline metals salts.

摘要（翻译）：领域 : 非-钢铁冶金。物质 : 碳酸铜硫化物是负载在873-1520℃的温度下熔化和保持用于1-4.5小时。效果 : 从硫化铜的铜生产不含碳还原剂的用量和降低引出气体体积从冶炼的碱性金属盐。

公开（公告）号：RU94024288A1

公开（公告）日：1996-04-20

申请号：RU94024288

申请日：1994-06-29

申请人：Institut vysokotemperaturnoj ehlektrokhimii Ural' skogo otdelenija RAN





434、Employing [...][...] for the preparation of a medicament for the control of the DS

标题（翻译）：nonae的作业decapeptideos用于所述的制备一种所述的防治艾滋病的药物

摘要：PCT No. PCT/EP94/01037 Sec. 371 Date Dec. 18,  1995 Sec. 102(e) Date Dec. 18,  1995 PCT Filed Apr. 2,  1994 PCT Pub. No. WO95/00168 PCT Pub. Date Jan. 5,  1995Described are LHRH-antagonistic and bombesin-antagonistic nona- and decapeptides suitable for use in the preparation of a drug for the treatment of AIDS and ARC as well as for use in the preparation of an immunostimulation drug.

摘要（翻译）：PCT号PCT\/秒的ep94\/01037。371的日期1995年12月18日sec。102(e)的日期1995年12月18日提交的PCT4月2日; 1994公开的PCT。wo95\/00168号公开的PCT。日期1月5日，199a5A所描述的是LHRH拮抗和韩蛙皮素-拮抗的九-和十合适的用于所述的制备中使用的药物用于治疗艾滋病和电弧以及用于所述的制备中使用的一种免疫刺激药。

公开（公告）号：BRPI9406893A

公开（公告）日：1996-09-10

申请号：BRPI9406893

申请日：1994-04-02

申请人：ASTA MEDICA AG

当前法律状态：暂缺





435、Device and method for contactless measuring of the liners cast iron pipes

标题（翻译）：装置和测量的过程，而不接触的铸铁管的内部涂层

摘要：The device comprises a dual sensor unit (BC2),  wherein the first sensor (1a) measures the distance from the unit to the metal surface of the pipe and the second sensor (3a) measures the distance up to the surface of the coating. The first sensor is an eddy current sensor and the second sensor (3a) is a laser diode sensor. The device further comprises a second sensor unit (BC1) identical to the first (BC2),  which calibrates the eddy current sensor (1a) of the first unit (BC2) on the metal surface of the uncoated pipe. The two sensor units (BC1 and BC2) are connected to means (5,  6,  7) for processing the measurements supplied by the sensors.

摘要（翻译）：该装置包括一个双传感器单元(BC2)，其中第一传感器(1a)从所述单元测量所述距离以所述管和第二所述的金属表面传感器(3a)测量所述的距离到所述的表面该涂层。第一传感器是一个涡流电流传感器和第二传感器(3A)是一激光二极管传感器。该装置还包括一个第二传感器单元(BC1)相同，以第一(BC2)，其校准所述涡流电流传感器(1a)的第一单元(BC2)所述金属表面上的未涂覆管。所述两个传感器单元(BC1和BC2)被连接到装置(5，6，7)用于处理所述测量通过该传感器提供。

公开（公告）号：FR2707109A1

公开（公告）日：1995-01-06

申请号：FR93008010

申请日：1993-06-30

申请人：PONT A MOUSSON

当前法律状态：失效





436、method for manufacturing fine metal articles and ceramic powders

标题（翻译）：用于制造细金属制品和陶瓷粉末的方法

摘要：[Purpose] metal compound and a reactant gas phase with the microparticle by the chemical vapor deposition reactor of metal articles and ceramic powders relates to manufacturing method. [Configured] additional compounds metal compound or reactants to a reaction in reacting into a gaseous state in,  wall prevent homogeneously directly on gas while a contaminated gas phase for condensing the then,  by separating the outer and inner reaction from the hydrocyanation medium to prepare fine metal articles and ceramic powders.  Boric ester metal compound,  borane,  halogenated silane,  silane which can be used,  reactant include hydrogen,  hydrazine,  amine,  alkane,  aryl,  use can be made of,  or the like. [Effect]

摘要（翻译）：[目的]的金属化合物和一种反应物气相与所述微粒金属制品通过所述的化学蒸气沉积反应器和陶瓷粉末是一种以制造方法。[配置]的附加化合物的金属化合物或反应物到一个反应在反应到一气体中的状态，壁防止均匀地直接在气体而一个用于冷凝所述再污染气相，通过分离所述外和内从所述的氢氰化反应介质以制备细金属制品和陶瓷粉末，硼酸酯金属化合物，硼烷，卤代硅烷，硅烷，其可被使用，反应物包括氢气，肼，胺，烷烃，芳基，使用可被由的，或该等。[效果]

公开（公告）号：KR19930023096A

公开（公告）日：1993-12-18

申请号：KR1019930007410

申请日：1993-04-30

申请人：STARCK H C GMBH CO KG





437、Method forming metal line

标题（翻译）：方法形成金属线

摘要：The invention refers to is a metal wiring is formed of high integrated semiconductor device membrane using dry when to the metallic layer formed on a plurality of points on sidewall has an interior where a is formed in the insulation layer in a method. Method on the insulating film of a semiconductor substrate is metal layer on the substrate of the,  thereof and a photoresist pattern is formed on the,  same by etching the metal film using the mask after forming an interlayer dielectric at the resultant,  dry etching method the photoresist layer is eliminated,  etching (BCl3) diluted with ions using the remaining sidewall layer is a selective etching high voltage.

摘要（翻译）：本发明是指以<>是一种高集成半导体装置的金属布线被形成膜使用干当以该金属层上形成多个点的侧壁上具有一内部其中一种是形成在一种方法中所述绝缘层。在一半导体衬底的所述绝缘膜的方法<>是所述衬底上的金属层的所述; 其和一种光致抗蚀剂图案是形成在所述，其通过使用该掩模蚀刻该金属膜形成后一个层间介电在所得到的，干法刻蚀该光致抗蚀剂层被消除的方法，具有离子蚀刻(bcl3)稀释使用所述剩余侧壁层是一选择性蚀刻高电压。

公开（公告）号：KR19930014790A

公开（公告）日：1993-07-23

申请号：KR1019910022949

申请日：1991-12-13

申请人：HYUNDAI ELECTRONICS CO





438、Method for interconnecting layers in a semiconductor device

标题（翻译）：用于互连层中的一种半导体装置的方法

摘要：A method for interconnecting layers in a semiconductor device is disclosed. The device includes a lower conductive layer (100) formed by capping a second conductive layer (100b) on a first conductive layer (110a),  a contact window formed in an inter-insulating layer (20) on the lower conductive layer (100),  and an upper conductive layer (200) connected to the lower conductive layer (100) through the contact window. The contact window is formed by removing a portion of the inter-insulating layer (20) where the contact will be formed using a first etching gas e.g. a fluorine mixture,  and removing a portion of the second conductive layer (100b) where the contact will be formed using a second etching gas e.g. a chlorine mixture. The contact resistance becomes uniform by preventing the formation of a non-volatile mixture in the contact window,  and the reliability of the device is improved by planarizing the surface of the lower conductive layer (100).

摘要（翻译）：一种用于互连层中的一种半导体装置是本发明公开了一种方法，该装置包括一个下导电层(100)形成通过压盖一第二导电层(100ab)在一第一导电层(110a)，一接触窗口形成在一个间绝缘层(20)在该下导电层(100)，和一上导电层(200)连接到所述下导电层(100)通过该接触窗。所述接触窗是形成由去除部分间的绝缘层(20)，其中所述接触将被使用一个第一刻蚀气体形成例如一氟混合物，并去除部分B的第二导电层(100A)，其中所述接触将被使用一个第二刻蚀气体形成例如一氯的混合物。所述接触电阻成为防止所形成的一非易失性的均匀混合物在该接触窗; 该装置和所述的可靠性被提高由该下导电层的平坦化所述表面(100)。

公开（公告）号：GB2260643A

公开（公告）日：1993-04-21

申请号：GB9124550

申请日：1991-11-20

申请人：SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS CO LTD

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





439、Method of preparation of a oligoside per depolymerization of a polyoside resulting from an disease-causing agent,  oligoside thus obtained and its use in particular as vaccine agent

标题（翻译）：制备的方法的一种oligoside每一种polyoside的解聚得到的从一种疾病-引起剂，因此获得oligoside和其使用在特定作为疫苗剂。

摘要：An oligoside derived from an antigen polyoside obtained from a pathogenic agent,  a method for its preparation,  and its use particularly as a vaccinal agent. The oligoside is prepared by means of an oxidation-reduction depolymerisation reaction.

摘要（翻译）：一种从一种抗原衍生得到的polyosideoligoside从一种致病剂，一种用于及其制备方法，和其使用特别是作为一种疫苗剂。该oligoside是由通过装置的一种氧化-还原解聚反应。

公开（公告）号：FR2682388A1

公开（公告）日：1993-04-16

申请号：FR91012478

申请日：1991-10-10

申请人：PASTEUR MERIEUX SERUMS VACC

当前法律状态：失效





440、APPARATUS FOR FOAMING BITUMEN IN PREPARING BITUMEN AND MINERAL MIX

标题（翻译）：用于发泡的沥青在制备沥青和矿物质混合装置

公开（公告）号：SU1645333A1

公开（公告）日：1991-04-30

申请号：SU4677908

申请日：1989-04-27

申请人：UPRAVLENIE STROITELSTVA N2; DOROZHNO STROITELNOE UPRAVLENIE N2





441、MAGAZINE FOR LOCATING STACKS OF SHEET BLANKS

标题（翻译）：用于定位片的叠层坯料杂志

摘要：The invention relates to mechanization of plastic working of metals.  It may be used at stamping parts from piece sheet blanks.  Purpose of the-expansion of technological capabilities,  reduced metal consumption,  diffusion lu yield.  Magazine includes g-shaped base 1,  on which bushings are secured 13 and 14.  In the latter are located vertical g-shaped wall with possibility of adjustable movement in horizontal flat sti and turning.  Vertical part walls has cavity,  in which are g-shaped rods 3,  which are adjusted in height.  G-shaped rods 3 and base 1 in points of contact with blank have rubber gaskets.  On vertical part of walls are arranged turnable plates,  adjustable in vertical flat sti.  Device allows rejection during transportation. 1 3. u.  2 cl,  7 dwg.

摘要（翻译）：明所述的[otnosits]到所述的装置机械化的工作金属作为远作为压力，它可被用于在所述的组分从所述片的片坯的冲压点。本发明的对象-该扩展的工艺可能性，所述金属含量的降低，所述输出中一个增加的合适的，存储包含L-形底座1，超过它是固定衬套13和14。前所述后者被设置垂直的L-形的壁与所述可能性调节[peremeshcheni]在所述水平平面和转动的。是垂直所述的所述壁部它具有一个腔; 其中L-形杆3之前，该[reguliruyuts]所述高度上，被建立的。L-形杆3和底座1在所述场所在该点的[soprikosnoveni]与所述钢坯具有所述橡胶填料，所述旋转板，调整在垂直的平面，是位于超出所述垂直部的所述壁。[]的[pozvol的装置等]，以降低所述结婚与所述运输。1[Z]。[P]。的公式，7illus。

公开（公告）号：SU1593757A1

公开（公告）日：1990-09-23

申请号：SU4602761

申请日：1988-11-09

申请人：NAUCHNO PROIZVODSTVENNOE OBEDINENIE PO TEKHNOLOGII MASHINOSTROENIYA DLYA ZHIVOTNOVODSTVA I KORMOPROIZVODSTVA "ROSTNIITM"





442、Silicon containing metal layer selectively forming method

标题（翻译）：含硅金属层有选择地形成方法。

摘要：Contact hole in upper surface of exposed high melting point layer conductive or aluminum and mainly containing a metal is a conductor and can selectively form an electrolessly plated metal,  low temperature silicon oxide layer deposited or grown selectively forming conductive layer adhesion strength wires collectively lie,  is,  thereby increasing the reliability conducting layer that consists of a method. Reaction gas a silicone hydride gas and metal hlide as a low pressure on a substrate by chemical vapor deposition on the surface insulator and semiconductor surface or deposit a silicon-containing forming a metallic layer in method,  a silicone hydride metal halide and device for controlling flow rate of is the ratio of the flow rate of gas is set in 2 or hereinafter,  deposition temperature also C hereinafter set to 200 silicon containing metal layer the wet-etching.  Said semiconductor surface or call the opened contact insulating layer on an insulator layer or exposed surface in first conducting sidewall spacer surface of,  silicon containing metal layer tungsten,  molybdenum,  titanium,  tantalum,  platinum and palladium is selected from the group consisting of.

摘要（翻译）：<>中的接触孔露出的上表面高熔点层的导电或铝和主要包含一金属是一种导体和可选择性地形成的无电镀镀金属，低温度的硅氧化物层沉积或生长有选择地形成导电层的粘附强度线共同位于，是，从而增加所述可靠性的导电层，其由一方法。<>反应气体硅氧烷氢化物气体和金属hlide一基板上作为一低压力通过化学气相沉积所述表面上的绝缘体和半导体表面或沉积含硅中形成一金属层的方法; 一种聚硅氧烷氢化物的金属卤化物和装置，用于控制流动速率是所述的所述的流率比气体被设定在2或以下，淀积温度还含C在下文中设定到200硅金属层的所述湿刻蚀。所述的半导体表面或呼叫所述绝缘体层上开触点绝缘层或暴露表面在第一导电侧壁间隔物的表面，含硅金属层钨，钼，钛，钽，铂和钯是选自所述的组成的组中。

公开（公告）号：KR19890004402A

公开（公告）日：1989-04-21

申请号：KR1019880010777

申请日：1988-08-24

申请人：FUJITSU LTD





443、RIPPING WORKING MEMBER

标题（翻译）：松工作部件

摘要：The invention relates to agricultural mashinostroeniyu ,  in other words to working tools tillage machines designed for loosening the soil without disturbance of its surface structure.  Purpose of the invention is improvement of soil crumbling.  Loosening working tool has tine 1,  fixed on it knife 2,  cutting edge which is inclined at acute angles to vertical,  and shoe 3.  Behind post 1,  at one side with inclined part knife 2,  is located balancing device 4 with turning axis,  combined with longitudinal axis 5 of shoe 3,  the balancing device 4 is made in the form of share 6,  angle α cutting which increases to free its cut.  Share 6 is installed on shoe 3 for turning relative to its longitudinal axis 5.  Besides,  symmetrically of tubers 6 relative to longitudinal axis 5 of shoe 3 is additional share 7.  Balancing device 4 is fixed on the back side 8 of shoe 3 by means of retainers 9.  Front edge of post 1 is provided with reversible cutting element 10.  To foot 3 to front part knife 2 chisel fixed 11.  Balancing device 4 may be spring-loaded torsion spring and it also performs the functions of field board.  During operation of lemekhi 6 and 7 may accept different position :  full depth of loosening depth of loosening of the first layer,  when additional share 7 is installed horizontally.  Share 6 operates in mode shchelevatelya with formation of drained loosened channel in lower part of treated layer of. 1 3. u.  2 cl,  2 dwg.

摘要（翻译）：本发明涉及一种农用mashinostroeniyu，在其它文字工作工具耕机的无扰动疏松土壤而设计的其表面结构。本发明的目的是碎土的改进。松工作工具具有叉齿1，固定在其上的刀2，切削刃，其以锐角倾斜至垂直，和靴形物3。后面柱1，在一侧与倾斜部刀2，位于平衡装置4与转向轴，组合有纵向轴线5的鞋3，平衡装置4由共用的6的形式，角α增加了自由切割其切口。共享6安装在翻板(3)相对于其纵向轴线5。另外，块茎对称6相对于鞋3的纵轴5附加共享7。平衡装置4固定在鞋3的后侧8通过保持件9。前柱1上设有可逆的边缘切削元件10。到脚3前部刀2凿固定11。5月4日被弹簧加载平衡装置扭簧，其还进行场板的功能。在lemekhi6和5月7日接受不同的操作位置 : 全松动的松土深度的深度第一层，当另外的份7水平安装。共用6的操作方式排出，松开通道形成shchelevatelya在处理层的下部。13。U。2Cl，2的DWG。

公开（公告）号：SU1516017A1

公开（公告）日：1989-10-23

申请号：SU4368720

申请日：1988-01-21

申请人：AZERBAJDZHANSKIJ NAUCHNO ISSLEDOVATELSKIJ INSTITUT MEKHANIZATSII I ELEKTRIFIKATSII SELSKOGO KHOZYAJSTVA





444、POLYNOMIAL OPERATOR IN THE WELSHMAN BODIES AND PROCESSOR OF TREATMENT OF NUMERIC SIGNAL COMPRISING SUCH AN OPERATOR

标题（翻译）：多项式操作者在所述welshman体和处理器的数字信号的处理包括这样的一个运营商

摘要：L'  POLYNOMIAL OPERATOR IN the WELSHMAN BODIES FOLLOWING the INVENTION EAST ORGANIZES IN THREE LEVELS :  - A LEVEL OF MULTIPLEXERS M0,  M1 TO SELECT AND TRANSMIT TO the REGISTERS Of a SECOND LEVEL the OPERANDS TO BE USED FOR the SUCCESSIVE STAGES OF CALCULATION;  - A SECOND LEVEL KNOWN AS OF “PIPE LINE” WHICH COMPRISES THREE REGISTERS OF R0 ROCKERS,  R 1,  R 2 TO PUT IN MEMORY the OPERANDS SELECT ON the FIRST LEVEL;  - ONE THIRD LEVEL,  FOR the CALCULATION,  WHICH COMPRISE a MULTIPLIEUR-ADDITIONNER MAG WHOSE ENTRIES X,  THERE AND Z ARE RELIEES AT the EXITS OF the REGISTERS AND WHO PROVIDES the COEFFICIENTS OF the POLYNOMIALS RESULTING IN the WELSHMAN BODIES BY ALWAYS CARRYING OUT SAME CALCULATION X (there Z) PER REPETITION OF the SAME INSTRUCTION OF COMMANDE.CET APPLICABLE OPERATOR EAST IN NUMERICAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS FOR the CODING AND the DECODING OF the ERROR CORRECTING CODES BCH OR RS (REED SOLOMON) AND ALLOWS the REALIZATION Of a JUST PROCESSOR LIKELY TO TREAT NUMERICAL DATA In the form of OCTETS.

摘要（翻译）：L“多项式操作者在所述以下本发明东welshman体组织在三个电平 : -多路复用器的一个电平M0，M1至选择和发送到所要使用一个第电平的该操作数的寄存器，用于所述计算的连续阶段; -一个第的水平已知为“管道”，它包括三个寄存器r0的摇杆，R(1)，R2，以将存储器中所述操作数选择第位上; -0\/0电平，用于计算，其包括一multiplieur-additionnerMAG的条目X，有和Z是reliees在所述寄存器的出口和谁提供了所产生的所述多项式的系数在所述welshman体通过始终进行相同计算X(有commandeZ)的每重复所述相同的指令。CET适用于操作者东在数字电信用于该编码和解码该误差校正码的BCH或RS(里德-所罗门)和允许正好一个处理器所实现的可能以处理所形成的八比特组中的数值数据。

公开（公告）号：FR2605769A1

公开（公告）日：1988-04-29

申请号：FR86014677

申请日：1986-10-22

申请人：THOMSON CSF

当前法律状态：失效





445、INDUSTRIAL FACILITY OF STORAGE AND DISTRIBUTION OF PRODUCTS HAS LARGE SCALES

标题（翻译）：工业设施的存储和分布的产品具有大刻度

摘要：Des racks of dynamic storage is provided,  in position chosen,  of detectors of absence of parcels,  connected by optocoupleurs to points of a matrix 70,  whose columns are questioned by a decoder 72,  and the lines analyzed by a multiplexer 73. These information forward by connector 75 to be applied to concentrator which tests the constancy of detected information,  then transmits this one to station central,  which draws up a printed list of information allowing the restocking of the racks which reached minimal stock,  and actuates an alarm.  (CF DRAWING IN BOPI)

摘要（翻译）：DES的齿条动态存储被提供，在选择位置，不存在的检测器的邮包的，由optocoupleurs连接到一个矩阵的点70，其列被询问的一个解码器72，通过一个多路复用器和所述线分析73。这些信息的正向通过连接器75以检测被施加到集中器，其测试所述恒常的信息，然后将这一个到基站的中央，其拟定一种印刷信息的列表允许所述齿条的所述补货其达到最小的股票，和激励一个报警。 ( CF 绘制 \/ >

公开（公告）号：FR2593940A1

公开（公告）日：1987-08-07

申请号：FR86001521

申请日：1986-02-04

申请人：SEBTY SARL

当前法律状态：失效





446、INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINE

标题（翻译）：内燃发动机

摘要：The invention relates to engine structure and-reduced toxicity of exhaust gases.  Displacer (in) 4 piston and neck (g) 5 prechamber have slots and projections,  am the giver-iii,  s which are parallel to the axis of the cylinder.  Projections 4 and slots g 5 are made sharply limit and equidistant,  which makes shifting of the piston to exclude contacts in 4 with surface g 5.  In 4 and L 5 are made from porous material and are coated catalyst 7.  Increased surface of contact of the charge with catalyst reduces level of isolation of toxic components in exhaust gases approximately 15/about without deterioration of economy. 1 3. u.  2 cl,  2 dwg.  (L 00 oo about with Figure 1

摘要（翻译）：本发明的[otnosits]到[pozvol的发动机结构和]的[等]，以降低所述所述废物的毒性气体。所述4[porshn置换器(C)]的5prechambers是槽和突起和颈部(d)，I形成W，以[Ie]的，它们分别平行于所述气缸的轴线。突起4和凹槽旁克5是执行指向和等距离的，即[pozvol][porshn所述的转移过程中的[等人]]，以排除旁边的触点4与该表面G5。旁4和通过G5是由从多孔材料和被覆盖用于所述的催化剂中，为了7。增加在该接触表面电荷与所述催化剂是它减少了所述的位[vydeleni]的有毒成分所述废气体之前大约向下15\/[O]不[ukhudsheni]效率的。1[Z]。[P]。的公式，2illus。(L的00基于OO[O][图上]。1

公开（公告）号：SU1318703A1

公开（公告）日：1987-06-23

申请号：SU3956757

申请日：1985-09-23

申请人：VOROSHILOVGRADSKIJ MASHINOSTROITELNYJ INSTITUT





447、DEVICE ON THE cONTINUOUS COURSES FOR wRITE -AND pRINTING ELEMENTSpROMOTE OF

标题（翻译）：用于促进机构从连续过程，以邮寄和打印元件

摘要：A continuous web feeder for printers and the like includes side frames,  drive and support shafts for the feed tractors,  and a cutter wheel movable between the side frames and rotatable as it moves therebetween to cut the web. A drive unit includes an electric motor to effect to transverse and rotary motion,  and control means actuated by operation of the printer to actuate the motor for movement of the cutter from one side frame to the other and to change the direction of rotation of the motor at each cycle and thereby the direction of movement of the cutter wheel. In its preferred form,  the drive means includes winch and cord means engaged with the cutting wheel and its support to effect the transverse and rotary motion,  and the control means includes an actuator operated by the motor to effect operation of switches.

摘要（翻译）：连续卷材给料机用于打印机等，包括侧架， 驱动拖拉机的饲料和支撑轴， 和刀轮之间的活动侧架和可旋转的作为之间移动所述幅切割。 驱动单元包括电机效果的横向和旋转运动， 以及控制装置，打印机的操作致动的致动所述电机的移动刀从一个 侧架另和改变电机的旋转方向在每个周期，从而 刀轮的运动方向。 在其优选形式中， 该驱动装置包括绞车和线绳装置啮合与切割轮及其支撑效果的横 和旋转运动，所述控制装置包括一个致动器由电机操作开关的操作有效。

公开（公告）号：DE3418231A1

公开（公告）日：1984-11-22

申请号：DE3418231

申请日：1984-05-16

申请人：DUBOIS R CLARK

当前法律状态：未授权放弃





448、An electrochemical cell including an electrolyte-complex 2-SO.

标题（翻译）：然后与2-电-化学电池电解质复杂。

摘要：A non-aqueous electrochemical cell having a solid active cathode,  an active metal anode and a low vapor pressure highly conductive electrolyte comprising a liquid solvate-complex of sulfur dioxide (SO2) and an alkali or alkaline earth metal salt soluble therein such as those having a Group 3 element halide anion,  with the equivalent ratio of salt to SO2 in said electrolyte ranging from about 1 : 1 to 1 : 7.

摘要（翻译）：一个非-水的电化学电池具有一种固体活性阴极，一种活性金属阳极和一低蒸汽压力高的导电电解液包括一种液体二氧化硫(SO2)和solvate-复杂的碱或碱土金属盐可溶于其中的这种作为那些具有一3族元素的卤化物阴离子，与所述盐的当量比，以所述电解质中SO2测距从大约1 : 1至1 : 7。

公开（公告）号：DE3328609C2

公开（公告）日：1991-12-19

申请号：DE3328609

申请日：1983-08-08

申请人：DURACELL INTERNATIONAL INC TARRYTOWN N Y US

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





449、Process for depositing an electrode and a protective layer on a substrate

标题（翻译）：方法用于一种衬底上沉积一电极和一防护层

摘要：In a process for depositing an electrode and a porous protective layer on a substrate,  the electrode material is deposited by vapour deposition or cathode-beam sputtering. Immediately after depositing the electrode material,  the metal whose oxide is to form the protective layer is deposited in the same way as the electrode material and the entire combination is then thermally treated in air in order to achieve complete oxide formation. This process enables the plasma-jet technology normally used for the porous protective layer to be eliminated,  and in addition,  the structure of the electrode deposited beforehand is not stressed to the same extent as in the plasma-jet technology.

摘要（翻译）：在一种方法用于沉积一种衬底上的电极和一多孔护层，所述电极材料是沉积通过蒸汽沉积或阴极-束溅射。沉积后立即电极材料，该金属其氧化物是以形成该防护层是沉积在所述相同的方式作为电极材料和所述整个组合为然后热为了达到完全的氧化物形成的空气中的处理。该方法使该等离子体墨技术通常用于该多孔护层被消除，和此外，本发明的电极结构沉积预先未受力以相同的程度作为在该等离子体墨技术。

公开（公告）号：DE3314433A1

公开（公告）日：1984-10-25

申请号：DE3314433

申请日：1983-04-21

申请人：ROBERT BOSCH GMBH

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





450、FLAME APPLIANCE

标题（翻译）：阻燃设备。

公开（公告）号：DE8134092U1

公开（公告）日：1982-07-29

申请号：DE8134092

申请日：1981-11-23

申请人：GUENTHER HARRY H





451、Distributed microprocessor system for telecommunications control - has microprocessors at subscriber equipment interfaces communicating with switching system through time share selector

标题（翻译）：电信时间的系统

摘要：SYSTEME TEMPORAL OF TEMPORAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS.SYSTEME OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS INTENDS TO CONNECT BETWEEN THEM,  USING NUMERIC SIGNALS AGENCIES IN WORDS HOMING HEADS MULTIPLEX IN TIME,  OF the VARIOUS EQUIPMENT WHICH IS READY TO TRANSFORM the WORDS EXCHANGES OF INFORMATION OF VARIOUS NATURES.LE SYSTEM ACCORDING TO the INVENTION COMPRISES AT LEAST a SWITCH OF CIRCUITS AND MESSAGES WHOSE SWITCHING NETWORK 1A POSSIBLY DUPLICATES EAST CONNECTS BY PRIMARY EDUCATION BUSES 5L 5L HAS VARIOUS COUPLERS SPECIALIZE 2C WHICH SE SHARE THEIR USE IN the TIME AND WHICH SERVES VARIOUS EQUIPMENT 3 FOR WHICH THEY ENSURE the BIJECTIVE CONVERSION OF the SIGNALS EMITTED INTO WORDS HOMING HEADS AND OF the WORDS HOMING HEADS IN SIGNALS USABLE BY the EQUIPMENT 3.L'  INVENTION RELATES TO the TELECOMMUNICATIONS.

摘要（翻译）：的信息的系统时间的时间电信。它们之间连接的电信系统的目的是，使用数字信号的归位字中的头机构多路复用的时间中，所述的各种设备，其是准备变换的该字的交换信息的各种性质。Le根据本发明系统包括至少一个开关电路和消息的交换网络(一种可能的复制初级教育总线5L5a的东连接L具有各种specialize耦合器2c，其中Se共享它们的使用在所述时间和其用于各种设备3用于其中它们保证所述bijective所述发射信号的转换成词归位信号中的头和所述归位字的头可用通过该设备3。  L ′ 明 涉及 电信 .

公开（公告）号：FR2503497A1

公开（公告）日：1982-10-08

申请号：FR81006812

申请日：1981-04-03

申请人：TELEPHONIE IND COMMERCIALE

当前法律状态：失效





452、Process and apparatus for the saccharification of cellulose materials,  such as wood and wood waste,  as well as annual plants such as straw etc.,  by hydrolysis with dilute acids at elevated temperatures and pressures,  and washing out the sugar,  which is formed in each case,  under considerably milder temperature and pressure conditions to obtain sugar solutions which are fed to the fermentation to alcohol as fuel,  where appropriate obtaining by-products

标题（翻译）：方法和装置，用于所述糖化的纤维素材料，如木材和木材的浪费，以及一年生植物如秸秆等，通过水解用稀酸在升高的温度和压力，和洗涤出该糖，其为形成在每个情况下，显著更温和的温度和压力条件下得到糖溶液，其被送入到该发酵以醇作为燃料，其中适当的获得通过-产品

摘要：Process for the saccharification of cellulose material such as wood and wood waste,  and process for the prehydrolysis of annual plants such as straw,  bagasse,  bamboo etc.,  and for the cellolignin hydrolysis of these annual plants,  and washing out the obtained sugar solutions outside the percolator by means of a reciprocal pusher centrifuge,  after which first the hexoses contained in the sugar solution are fermented by means of Saccharomyces cerevisiae in a continuous fermentation apparatus to alcohol,  with return of the yeast suspension which has been separated off from the fermented mash to the automatic fermenter,  removal of the alcohol by distillation in a first continuous mash column,  return of the pentose-containing residue from this in a continuous fermentation apparatus for fermentation of the pentoses by means of a special fungus with return of the special fungi which have been separated off from the fermented mash to the automatic fermenter,  removal of the resulting alcohol by distillation in a second continuous mash column,  where the preconcentrated alcohol vapour from the two mash columns is concentrated to 96% by volume alcohol in a rectifier column. Protection is also sought for an apparatus for emptying the resulting lignin residue from the percolator by means of a cyclone,  where the expansion vapour produced in the cyclone is drawn off from the top of the cyclone and condensed in a downstream vessel for heating the washing water required in the subsequent process.

摘要（翻译）：方法用于所述糖化的纤维素材料如木材和木材废料，和方法用于该预水解的的一年生植物如秸秆，蔗渣，竹等，和用于该cellolignin水解的这些一年生植物，和洗涤出该得到的糖溶液，该抽出器通过装置的一种往复推动离心机外，其含第一，该己糖后在该糖溶液是一种连续发酵中的酿酒酵母发酵通过装置的装置与醇，与返回; 该酵母悬浮液，其具有被分离掉从该发酵醪至所述的自动发酵罐，去除的所述醇通过蒸馏的第一连续醪液柱中，返回的所述戊糖-含有残基从这种在一种连续发酵装置用于本发明的戊糖发酵通过装置的一种特殊的真菌与返回的所述的特殊真菌，其具有被分离掉从该发酵醪至所述的自动发酵罐中，所得到的醇通过蒸馏除去的一种第二中连续醪液柱，其中所述preconcentrated醇蒸气从该两个醪液柱是通过体积浓缩到96%醇在一种整流器柱。保护是还寻求用于一种装置用于排空所得到的木质素残余物从该抽出器通过装置; 一种旋风分离器，其中所述的膨胀产生的蒸气在该旋风分离器是抽掉从该顶部的该旋风分离器和冷凝的下游容器中用于加热所需要的洗涤水在该后续工艺。

公开（公告）号：DE3107950A1

公开（公告）日：1982-09-16

申请号：DE3107950

申请日：1981-03-02

申请人：PERCOLYSIS VERFAHRENSTECHNIK GMBH

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





453、METHOD FOR PRODUCING hAMaND BACONdURABLE ONE

标题（翻译）：程序用于所生产的火腿耐用和腊肉

公开（公告）号：DE3033036A1

公开（公告）日：1981-03-19

申请号：DE3033036

申请日：1980-09-02

申请人：KABUSHIKI KAISHA UENO SEIYAKU OYO KENKYUJO

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





454、mATERIAL COURSE DRYER

标题（翻译）：材料的过程干燥器

公开（公告）号：DE3023200A1

公开（公告）日：1981-02-05

申请号：DE3023200

申请日：1980-06-21

申请人：ESCHER WYSS GMBH

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





455、vALVE

标题（翻译）：阀

公开（公告）号：DE3010974A1

公开（公告）日：1980-11-20

申请号：DE3010974

申请日：1980-03-21

申请人：BAKER INTERNATIONAL CORP

当前法律状态：未授权放弃





456、Indolo-(3, 2-b)-quinuclidine derivs. - are useful as antidepressants and anxiolytics

标题（翻译）：吲哚并3.2-b的方形支架上的方形支架太chinuclidine，程序用于你的生产和您的使用作为药物

摘要：Quinuclidine derivs. for formula (I) and their salts with acids and bases are new,  (R1=H,  opt. branched,  opt. substd. alkyl or opt. branched 4-14C cycloalkylalkyl(in both cases an alkyl CH2 can be replaced by O and/or opt. substd. N and/or CO),  or opt. branched aralkyl or aralkenyl (in the alkylene chain a CH2 can be replaced by O,  CO or opt. substd. N),  or R1 is opt. substd. aryl or opt. branched,  opt. substd. heterocyclyl=alkyl having 3-8 ring members with 1 or 2 of them S,  O or opt..substd. N. R21R31R4 and R5=H,  opt. branched and opt. substd. lower alkyl or alkoxy,  3-7C cyclo=alkyl,  opt. substd. aryl,  halo NO2,  lower alkylthio,  OH,  opt. substd. aryloxy or aralkoxy a 3-7 membered heterocycle with 1 or 2 hetero=atoms,  COOH (opt. substd. by alkyl,  aralkyl,  aryl or cycloalkyl) or is carbamido or sulphonomido both opt. substd. by alkyl,  aralkyl,  aryl or cycloalkyl). They are made by reacting the appropriate phenylhydrazine hydrochloride with 3-quinuclidinone. (I) have CNS,  esp antidepressant and anxiolytic,  activity and are more effective and less toxic than e.g. nomifensin. They are administered at 0.3-3,  esp. 1-2,  mg/kg per day in unit doses of esp. 0.3-0.6 mg/kg.

摘要（翻译）：奎宁环衍生物。式(I)的化合物和它们与酸和碱的盐是新的，(R1=H，opt。支化的，任选。取代的。未取代的或取代的烷基。支链4]环烷基烷基的烷基，CH2，可在两种情况下O和/或取代的或未取代。取代的。N和/或Co)，或颜料。中支化芳烷基或芳亚烷基链的CH2，可代替O，CO或颜料。取代的。n)，或者R1优选。取代的。未取代的或取代的芳基。支化的，任选。取代的。heterocyclyl=alkyl它们具有3-8个环原子的1或2S，O或..取代的。N r21r31r4和r5=h，opt。支化的和。取代的。低级烷基或烷氧基，3-cyclo=alkyl7c，opt。取代的。芳基，卤代硝基，低级烷硫基，OH，opt。取代的。芳氧基或芳烷氧基的3-7元杂环具有1或2hetero=atoms，-COOH(Opt。取代的。由烷基，芳烷基，芳基或环烷基)或脲基或sulphonomido两个选择。取代的。由烷基，芳烷基，芳基或环烷基)。它们是通过使适当苯肼盐酸盐与3-quinuclidinone。(i)具有中枢神经系统，特别是抗抑郁药和抗焦虑药，抗活性，比nomifensin更有效，毒副作用小。它们是以每天0.3-3，特别适用于。1-2毫克/公斤/日的ESP以单位剂量。0.3-0.6毫克/千克。

公开（公告）号：DE2854941A1

公开（公告）日：1980-07-10

申请号：DE2854941

申请日：1978-12-20

申请人：TROPONWERKE GMBH CO KG

当前法律状态：未授权放弃





457、Apparatus for silo property[...] of

标题（翻译）：装置到所述的筒仓obenentnahme性

公开（公告）号：DE2851917B1

公开（公告）日：1980-07-10

申请号：DE2851917

申请日：1978-11-30

申请人：JOHANN WOLF GMBH KG SCHARNSTEIN OBEROESTERREICH (OESTERREICH)

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





458、Priming circuit for low pressure fluorescent tube - compensates for mains fluctuations using thyristor control switching as function for electrode potential difference

标题（翻译）：用于气体放电灯点火电路

摘要：A priming circuit for a low pressure gas discharge tube ensures reliable ignition even with fluctuations in the mains supply or tolerance deviation,  of the tube. This helps to increase the effective life. The electrodes of the tube are heated by a current. They are connected in series with a choke and with a switching element which is in the non-conducting mode when the tube is ignited. The switching element (5) can be switched over from the conducting to the non-conducting mode as a function of the electrode voltage appertaining between the two electrodes (2) when the tube (1) is not ignited. The switching element is controlled by pulses drived from a controlled rectifier,  shunted by a capacitor (9).

摘要（翻译）：一种低压气体放电管的起动注油回路保证可靠的点火，即使在市电波动或偏差，所述管。这有助于增加的有效寿命。通过电流加热管的电极。它们与开关串接有阻流元件为非导通模式当灯管点燃。开关元件(5)可从接通状态切换非导通模式为功能。所述电极之间的电压相关的两个电极(2)在管(1)未被点燃。开关元件受控于驱动脉冲从可控整流器，并联的电容器(9)。

公开（公告）号：DE2849064A1

公开（公告）日：1980-05-14

申请号：DE2849064

申请日：1978-11-11

申请人：NEMECTRON GMBH

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





459、IN ON cOUCH FURNITUREcONVERTIBLEpAD - sEAT FURNITURE

标题（翻译）：在一个躺沙发的家具垫的座椅家具的一可转换

公开（公告）号：DE7800994U1

公开（公告）日：1978-05-11

申请号：DE7800994

申请日：1978-01-14

申请人：SCHLEMMER EXTRA WERKE GMBH 8904 FRIEDBERG





460、APPARATUS AND METHOD TO APPLY A LID HAVE ONE LIMPS

标题（翻译）：设备和方法，以施加一盖具有一个limps

摘要：L'  invention relates to an apparatus and a method to form a lid around a box filled open in top by using an outline prefabricated punt. Selon the invention,  a box is raised by an elevator against an outline of lid whose leaves are folded against the box. When the elevator with the box arrives in a higher position,  the box is transferred on a platform. The elevator already goes down to seek another box while the formation of the lid of the preceding box is supplemented on the platform. Application with the packing of paper eveloppées. oars

摘要（翻译）：L′明涉及一种装置和一种填充方法，以形成一围绕一箱盖打开在顶部通过使用一轮廓预制punt。selon本发明，一个盒是通过一个电梯靠一个凸起的轮廓盖，其离开被折叠在所述盒。当所述电梯与所述盒到达在一个较高位置，所述盒是一个平台上转移。所述电梯已经进入下以寻找另一盒，同时所形成的所述所述前箱的盖是补充该平台上。应用与所述的纸包装eveloppéES。桨

公开（公告）号：FR2357425A1

公开（公告）日：1978-02-03

申请号：FR77020452

申请日：1977-07-04

申请人：HAYSSEN MANUFACTURING CY

当前法律状态：失效





461、METHOD FOR SCHEME AN vARIABLE ONEsIZE

标题（翻译）：用于调节过程的一可变

公开（公告）号：DE2715220A1

公开（公告）日：1977-11-03

申请号：DE2715220

申请日：1977-04-05

申请人：VISCOSUISSE SA

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





462、[...] Reaction resin mixture for impregnating electrical insulations devices and for the production of moulded materials with or without inserts

标题（翻译）：heisshaertende反应的树脂混合物用于隔离所述的浸渍电设备和用于所生产的塑料材料与或在不插入

公开（公告）号：DE2655367B1

公开（公告）日：1978-04-13

申请号：DE2655367

申请日：1976-12-03

申请人：SIEMENS AG 1000 BERLIN UND 8000 MUENCHEN

当前法律状态：暂缺





463、METHOD FOR PRODUCING eTHERS

标题（翻译）：用于生产aethern的过程

摘要：of the disclosure :  Oxalkylene groups of oxacycloalkanes are inserted into chain-type ethers by reacting the latter with the oxacycloalkanes in the presence of Lewis acids. The ethers or ether mixtures obtained can be used for many purposes owing to their hydrophilic-hydrophobic character,  for example as absorption and extraction agents,  as solvents and as additives to hydraulic fluids.

摘要（翻译）：所公开的 : 个oxacycloalkanes的基团被插入到链型醚通过使后者与所述oxacycloalkanes在所述路易斯酸的存在。该醚或醚得到的混合物可用于许多目的，由于它们的亲水-疏水特性，例如作为吸收和萃取剂，作为溶剂和作为添加剂以液压流体。

公开（公告）号：DE2640505B1

公开（公告）日：1977-12-22

申请号：DE2640505

申请日：1976-09-09

申请人：HOECHST AG

当前法律状态：暂缺





464、LASER ISOTOPE SEPARATION BY MULTIPLE PHOTON ABSORPTION

标题（翻译）：激光同位素分离的多光子吸收

摘要：1503401 Isotopic enrichment using laser radiation UNITED STATES ENERGY RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION 25 March 1976 [22 April 1975] 11950/76 Heading C1A [Also in Division G6] Values are enriched in a particular isotope of an  element by irradiating a fluid containing a first molecular species having two or more isotopes of the element with infra-red laser radiation of a frequency which selectively excites molecular species of a given isotope to a first lower vibrational level,  the same laser beam having sufficient intensity to then produce multiplephoton absorption (term defined) from the first lower vibrational level to a plurality of higher vibrational levels,  at which level the molecules containing the particular isotope undergo chemical reaction;  the reaction products so formed are separated from the fluid. The fluid is preferably a gas containing polyatomic molecules having four or more atoms. The gas may also contain a second chemical species which is substantially unreactive towards the laser radiation and the unexcited first molecular species,  but reacts with the latter when excited to the higher vibrational levels. The chemical reaction may result in the first molecular species dissociating,  in which case the second chemical species reacts selectively with at least one of the reaction products of the dissociation. Specifically a method is described of separating S isotopes by irradiating a gaseous mix of SF 6  and H 2  with pulsed CO 2  infra-red laser radiation,  the radiation being sufficiently intense to produce multiple photon absorption,  the excited SF 6  species reacting with H 2  and thereby separated from the unexcited (non reacted) species. Other volatile halides disclosed having spectral characteristics similar in nature to the infra-red CO 2  laser radiation are SiF 4 ,  CH 3 F,  BCl 3 ,  NF 3  and CF 2 Cl 2 ,  each halide may be admixed with H 2  prior to radiation.

摘要（翻译）：1503401同位素富集使用激光辐射的联合状态的能量研究&开发给药1976年3月25日[1975年4月22日]11950\/76镦c1a[还在分割g6]值是通过照射的元件的富集在一种特定的同位素一种流体含有第一具有两个或多个同位素的分子物种的元件与红外激光辐射的一个一种给定的频率，其选择性激发的分子物种同位素到第一下的振动水平，所述相同的激光束具有足够的强度以再产生multiplephoton吸收(术语定义)从第一下部的振动水平，以多个较高的振动水平，在该水平所含的特定同位素的分子发生化学反应，反应产物，从而形成从该流体被分离。该流体是优选的气体含有多元具有四个或多个原子的分子。气体可还含有一种第二的化学物质是基本上非反应性朝向所述激光辐射和unexcited第一分子物质，但与后者当激发到较高的反应的振动水平。化学反应可能导致在第一分子物质的离解，在这种情况下，第二的化学物种反应，选择性地与至少一个的所述该解离的反应产物。分离的S同位素具体地描述了一种方法，通过照射一种气体的混合SF6和H2与脉冲共2红外激光辐射，该辐射被足够强以产生多光子吸收，该激发SF6物种反应与H2，从而分离出从所述unexcited(无反应)。物种。其它性质中的挥发性卤化物公开了具有类似的光谱特性以该红外线共2激光辐射被sif4，CH3F，BCL3，NF-κ3和CF2Cl2，每个卤化物可以与H2之前被混合到辐射。

公开（公告）号：GB1503401A

公开（公告）日：1978-03-08

申请号：GB7611950

申请日：1976-03-25

申请人：US ENERGY RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





465、vEHICLE WHEELSwHEEL COVER ON

标题（翻译）：用于车辆车轮轮盖

公开（公告）号：DE7540062U

公开（公告）日：1976-06-03

申请号：DE7540062

申请日：1975-12-12

申请人：KRONPRINZ AG 5650 SOLINGEN





466、Antiallergic and detoxicant mucoprotide from tissue autolysates - produced by precipitating proteins and treating with acetone

标题（翻译）：程序用于所生产的一种生物活性的一种mucoprotids

摘要：In the prepn.,  (a) a dil. aq. soln. of the mucoprotide components is produced by autolysis of the starting material,  precipitating precipitable proteins with dilute lead acetate and dilute ammonium sulphate,  and sepn. of the supernatant;  (b) the aq. soln. is treated with acetone to form 3 layers;  (c) the upper and middle layers are sepd. from the lower layer;  (d) the two upper layers from (c) are heated to ppte unstable and antigenic substances;  and (e) the ppte is sepd. off and discarded. A new mucoprotide prod. is produced from liver parenchyma,  placenta,  yeast or other natural sources and chiefly consists of protides such as protein and protein hydrolysates with a ca. 0.1-40% mucoid content. The mucoprotide shows a marked saddle in the IR spectrum at a wave number between ca. 1000 and 1200. T' e mucoprotide product is useful for the treatment of Allergies and hypersensitivities,  toxic states,  undesired side-effects of drugs,  drug-dependence and alcoholism. It is particularly useful when the disorder to be treated is accompanied or caused by damaged liver function. The product may be administered orally or parenterally.

摘要（翻译）：在制备中，(a)一双列。水溶性溶液中。所述mucoprotide自溶的部件产生的起始原料，用稀醋酸铅沉淀析出的蛋白质和稀硫铵，和分离的上清液；(b)所述的水溶液。溶液。用丙酮处理，形成3层；(c)上，中间层(甲基)从下层；(d)从所述两个上层(c)加热不稳定和抗原性物质沉淀；以及(e)移去沉淀取脱下废弃。新mucoprotide产品。制备肝实质，胎盘，酵母或其它天然来源，主要由以下成分如蛋白质和蛋白质水解产物与CA。0.1-40%种类粘蛋白含量。所述mucoprotide中示出了鞍座标的红外光谱在波数间。1000和1200。壳体mucoprotide产品可用于治疗过敏和过敏，无毒状态，不希望的副作用的药物，药物依赖和酒精中毒。该方法特别适用于当待处理的障碍伴随或引起的肝功能损坏。该产品可口服或胃肠外给药。

公开（公告）号：DE2544183A1

公开（公告）日：1977-04-28

申请号：DE2544183

申请日：1975-10-03

申请人：KARLER ARTHUR; REAM MILTON PARKE

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





467、enzyme preparations for the conversion of glucose to fructose,  as well as process for partial Isomerisation a [...][...] to a

标题（翻译）：酶制剂用于该转化从中的葡萄糖，果糖，以及程序以一种葡萄糖溶液的部分异构化用于一种fruktoseloesung

公开（公告）号：DE2559847B1

公开（公告）日：1980-03-13

申请号：DE2559847

申请日：1975-08-23

申请人：CORNING GLASS WORKS CORNING N Y (V ST A )

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





468、Toy cash registers or calculators - has each key producing light image of its numeral or sign

标题（翻译）：与所述玩具的改进，这种作为现金寄存器，计算机和类似物

摘要：The toy consists of a case (1) with a panel (2) at the front where the keys (4) are situated. Each key is joined to one end of a lever (6) at the other end of which is attached a light coloured or phosphorescent plate (8). When the key is depressed this plate goes up into a dark chamber (14) formed by a solid screen (13) at the back. A partition (10),  visible from the exterior,  is cut out in the numerals or signs corresponding to the keys,  so that when the plate appears behind this partition the appropriate numeral or sign is visible.

摘要（翻译）：玩具由壳体(1)与面板(2)在前，其中所述密钥(4)的定位。 每个按键的一端连接杠杆(6)的另一端连接 浅色或磷光板(8)。 当按键被按下该板上升至暗腔(14)由固体屏幕(13) 在后。 隔板(10)， 从外部可见的， 切割出在数字或符号对应的键， 使得当板后面出现该隔板适当的数字或符号可见。

公开（公告）号：FR2315968A1

公开（公告）日：1977-01-28

申请号：FR75021776

申请日：1975-07-03

申请人：MOQUIN BREUIL

当前法律状态：失效





469、COMPOSITION AND METHOD FOR [...] OR pRINT on OF sYNTHETIC FIBER MATERIALS

标题（翻译）：制备用于合成的纤维上着色或印刷材料和工序

摘要：A synthetic fiber material is continuously dyed or printed by contacting with a dye bath comprising a water-insoluble dye and at least one member of polyoxyethylene derivatives,  such as    AND GLYCERIN DERIVATIVES,  SUCH AS     and subjecting the resulting fiber material to a dry or wet heat treatment,  whereby the fiber material is dyed or printed with a deep color and with prevention of migration of the dye.

摘要（翻译）：一种合成的纤维材料是通过接触连续染色或印刷与一种染料浴包括一种水-不溶性染料和在至少一个构件的聚氧乙烯衍生物，如和甘油衍生物，如和将所得到的纤维材料以一种干或湿式热处理，其中所述纤维材料被染色或防印刷与一个深的颜色和与所述染料的迁移的。

公开（公告）号：DE2529132A1

公开（公告）日：1976-05-06

申请号：DE2529132

申请日：1975-06-30

申请人：SUMITOMO CHEMICAL CO

当前法律状态：未授权放弃





470、Clamping device for rigidly securing workpieces with multiple curved faces

标题（翻译）：用于该张紧器的刚性建立与若干倍的一工件的弯曲表面

摘要：1485417 Workpiece supporting AVONDALE SHIPYARDS Inc 8 Aug 1974 [20 Aug 1973] 17889/77 Divided out of 1485416 Heading B3B A workpiece,  e.g. a large marine propeller,  is supported for machining by support members 210 bolted to a worktable,  the workpiece being adhesively fastened to the support members 210 so that the surface to be machined is free from areas covered by gripping means. The adhesive is a thermosetting epoxy resin of a tensile strength of at least 4000 lb./sq. in. Strip heaters are embedded in the adhesive to effect releasing of the workpiece.

摘要（翻译）：1485417工件支撑avondaleshipyardsInc]17889\/77[1973年8月20日1974年8月8日分割出的1485416镦b3b一种工件，E。g。一种大型船用推进器，是用于加工由支撑构件210支承螺栓连接到一个工作台，该工件被粘接固定到所述支撑件210，从而使所述表面以被加工为无从覆盖区域由夹持装置。所述粘合剂是一种热固性环氧树脂的一种在至少4000磅的拉伸强度。\/平方厘米。中。带加热器被嵌入在所述粘合剂到所述工件的效果释放。

公开（公告）号：DE2462598B1

公开（公告）日：1979-04-12

申请号：DE2462598

申请日：1974-08-19

申请人：AVONDALE SHIPYARDS INC NEW ORLEANS LA (V ST A )

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





471、METHOD OF PRODUCING A HIGH STRENGTH CONCRETE LIFTING DEVICE FOR BALES

标题（翻译）：方法生产一种强度高，混凝土的升降装置，用于包

摘要：1436865 High strength concrete JAPANESE NATIONAL RAILWAYS and DENKI KAGAKU KOGYO KK 27 Sept 1973 [27 Sept 1972] 45319/73 Heading C1H A high strength concrete is produced by blending 500-700 kg cement (e.g. Portland),  2-13 wt. per cent (based on the cement) of calcium - sulphoaluminate hydrate - forming mineral powders,  water such that the water/ cement ratio is 18  :  100 to 35  :  100,  and 0à3-5 wt. per cent (based on the cement) of at least one surfactant selected from sulphuric acid esters,  polyhydric alcohols,  condensates of naphthalene sulphonate and formalin,  and ethylene oxide additives.

摘要（翻译）：1436865高的强度混凝土日本国家铁路和denki Kagaku Kogyo kk27sept1973[27sept1972]45319\/73镦c1h一种高强度混凝土是通过将500-700公斤水泥(例如硅酸盐)，2-13重量。%(基于所述的水泥)的钙-硫铝酸盐水合物-形成矿物粉末，水，使得该水\/水泥比为18 : 100至35 : 100，和为à3a-5wt。%(基于所述的水泥)的至少一种表面活性剂选自硫酸酯，多元醇类，萘磺酸和甲醛的缩合物，和乙烯氧化物添加剂。

公开（公告）号：GB1436865A

公开（公告）日：1976-05-26

申请号：GB7345319

申请日：1973-09-27

申请人：JAPANESE NATIONAL RAILWAYS; DENKI KAGAKU KOGYO KK

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





472、RADIO SUPPRESSORS

标题（翻译）：无线电抑制器

摘要：1400227 Component assemblies SIEMENS AG 7 Dec 1972 [22 Dec 1971] 56591/72 Heading H1R [Also in Division H3] A radio suppressor for use in a three phase network comprises for each of the three phase lines,  capacitors and a choke connected in a # network,  the capacitors 2 being located at diagonally opposite corners of a baseplate 1 and the chokes 6,  7 being located at the centre of the baseplate. The baseplate is mounted in a splash proof housing 11 sealed by a cover and provided with splash proof devices 14 for connecting a mains cable to terminals 9 and a load cable to terminals 4. The suppressor is suitable for use in car washing plants.

摘要（翻译）：1400227的组件西门子1972年12月7日Ag[1971年12月22日]56591\/72航向h1r[也分h3]中的一个无线电抑制器，用于使用在三个相网络包括用于每个所述的三个相线，电容器和扼流圈一种#网络中连接，该电容器2被设置在一基板1的对角相对的角部和所述扼流器6，该基板7被设置在所述的中心。所述基板是安装在一防溅外壳11由一盖密封和提供与防溅装置14用于连接一电源电缆到端子9和一负载电缆与端子4。所述抑制器是合适的用于汽车中使用的洗涤植物。

公开（公告）号：GB1400227A

公开（公告）日：1975-07-16

申请号：GB7256591

申请日：1972-12-07

申请人：SIEMENS AG

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





473、PROCESS FOR THE PREPARATION OF ORGANOALUMINIUM HALIDES OR  ALCOHOLATES AND TRIORGANOBORANES

标题（翻译）：所述的方法制备有机铝的卤化物或醇盐和triorganoboranes

摘要：1342611 Organoaluminium halides & alcoholates;  triorganoborances TEXAS ALKYLS Inc 30 Sept 1971 [20 Oct 1970] 45543/71 Headings C2B and C2J - An organoaluminium halide or alcoholate of formula R 2 AlZ or RAlZ 2  and a triorganoborane BR 3  are simultaneously prepared by admixing BZ 3  with R 3 Al,  where R is C 1-16  aliphatic,  cyoloaliphatic or aromatic hydrocarbyl and Z is F,  Cl,  Br,  I or a C 1-20  aliphatic,  cycloaliphatic or aromatic alcoholate radical,  and distilling the reaction product to remove the triorganoborane. The reaction is effected in a molar ratio of R 3 Al  :  BZ 3  of 3  :  1 or 3  :  2 to give the di- or mono-organoaluminium respectively. It is usually effected at- 50? to 350? C. in a triorganoborane,  aromatic or aliphatic hydrocarbon,  an ether or a tertiary amine as solvent. The following compounds are prepared in the examples,  the asterisked Al compounds being claimed "per se" :  (a) BEt 3 /Et 2 AlF;  (b) B(i-Bu) 3  with (i-Bu) 2 AlF,  (i-Bu) 2 AlOEt,  (i-Bu) 2 AlO-i-C 3 H 7  or i-Bu-Al(OEt) 2 *;  (c) (n-C 6 H 13 ) 3 B/(n-C 6 H 13 ) 2 AlF* ;  (d) B(n-Bu) 3  with (n-Bu) 2 AlF* or (n-Bu) 2 AlCl.

摘要（翻译）：1342611铝卤化物℃的醇盐，德克萨斯triorganoborances烷基Inc30sept1971[1970年10月20日]45543\/71精矿c2b和c2j-有机铝的卤化物或醇式R2alz或ralz2和一个triorganoborane Br3是同时制备通过混合Bz3与R3Al，其中R是C，1-16的脂族，cyoloaliphatic或芳族烃基和Z是F，Cl，Br，I或一个C1-20脂族，脂环族或芳族醇化物基团，和蒸馏该反应产物以除去所述triorganoborane。该反应是实现在一个R3Al的摩尔比 : Bz3的3 : 1或3 : 2，以得到二-或单-分别的有机铝，它是通常在-50?350?C。在一种triorganoborane，芳族或脂族烃，醚或叔胺作为溶剂。以下化合物的制备是在该实施例，该asterisked铝化合物是根据“本身” : (a)其BET3\/等人的2ALF-，(b)B(i-Bu)3与(i-Bu)2ALF-，(i-Bu)2aloet，(I-Bu)。2，AlO-i-C3H7或I-Bu-Al(OEt)2×，(C)(N-C6H13)3b\/(N-C6H13)2alf*，(d)B(N-Bu)3与(N-Bu)2alf*或(N-Bu)2氯化铝。

公开（公告）号：GB1342611A

公开（公告）日：1974-01-03

申请号：GB7145543

申请日：1971-09-30

申请人：TEXAS ALKYLS INC

当前法律状态：授权后放弃





474、

公开（公告）号：FR2112064A1

公开（公告）日：1972-06-16

申请号：FR70032282

申请日：1970-09-04

申请人：COMETA SA FR

当前法律状态：失效





475、New thermostable polyimides

标题（翻译）：新的热稳定的聚酰亚胺

公开（公告）号：FR1527947A

公开（公告）日：1968-06-07

申请号：FR67101668

申请日：1967-04-05

申请人：TOYO RAYON CO LTD





476、Catalytic Conversion of Tetralin,  Indan and other Materials

标题（翻译）：催化转化四氢化萘，茚满和其它材料

摘要：1, 178, 735. Cyclic hydrocarbons. SUN OIL CO. 15 March,  1967 [15 March,  1966],  No. 12144/67. Addition to 1, 024, 500. Heading C5E. The following hydrocarbon conversion reactions are carried out in the presence of HF and BCl 3  in amounts of at least 5,  and at least 0à5 moles,  respectively,  per mole of starting material : - (1) tetralin to (a) sym-octahydroanthracene and sym-octahydrophenanthrene together with benzene at 15-130? C.,  or (b) a mixture of phenyltetralylbutanes,  the -6 isomer predominating,  at - 100? to 15? C.;  (2) indane to (a) as-hydrindacene together with benzene at 40? to 120? C.,  or (b) a mixture of phenylindanylpropanes,  the -4 isomer predominating,  at - -20? to 80? C.,  or (c) 1-(4-ashydrindacene) - 3 - phenylpropane together with benzene at 20? to 150? C.;  (3) phenyltetralylbutane to octahydroanthracene and octahydrophenanthrene at 15? to 130? C.;  (4) phenylindanylpropane to as-hydrindacene at 40? to 120? C. Similar reactions to the above may also be carried out starting from 1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydroanthracene,  1, 2, 3, 4 - tetrahydrophenanthrene,  1, 2, 3, 4, 9, 10 - hexahydroanthracene and benz- [f]indan. Products of the above reactions may be subjected to the following further reactions : - (A) phenyltetralylbutane may be converted to octahydroanthracene and octahydrophenanthrene by contact with either HF/BCl 3  (i.e. reaction 3 above) or HF/BF 3 ;  (B) phenylindanylpropane may be converted to as-hydrindacene by contact with HF/BCl 3  (i.e. reaction 4 above) or HF/BF3;  (C) sym-octahydroanthracene and sym-octahydrophenanthrene may be separated by distillation and/or crystallization,  and either may then be isomerized to the other under appropriate conditions using HF/BCl 3  or HF/BF 3  catalyst;  (D) sym octahydroanthracene and syw-octahydrophenanthrene may be dehydrogenated to anthracene and phenanthrene,  respectively,  by passage over a selenium catalyst at 325? C. In reaction (C),  trans-syn-trans-perhydroanthracene and dodecahydrotriphenylene may be obtained as by-products when isomerizing sym-octahydroanthracene to sym-octahydrophenanthrene.

摘要（翻译）：1, 178, 735。环状的碳氢化合物。Sun Oil Co。1967年3月15日[1966年3月15日]，12144/67号。除了1, 024, 500。掘进c5e。以下的烃转化反应进行在HF存在下和bcl-XL3的量至少5，和至少为à5a摩尔，分别，/每摩尔起始材料 : -(1)(a)均octahydroanthracene四氢化萘和均八氢与苯在15-130℃C，phenyltetralylbutanes或(b)的混合物，-6异构体为主，在-100℃，至15℃，C。；(2)茚满，以(a)为hydrindacene与苯在40℃，至120℃，C，phenylindanylpropanes或(b)的混合物，-4异构体为主，在--20℃，至80℃，C。，或(c)1-(4-ashydrindacene)-3-苯基丙烷与苯在20℃，至150℃，C。；(3)对octahydroanthracene phenyltetralylbutane和八氢在15℃，至130℃，C。；(4)phenylindanylpropane为-hydrindacene在40℃，至120℃，C。类似的反应中，以上述也可以开始，进行从1，2，3，4-的四氢蒽类，1，2，3，4-四氢菲，1，2，3，4，9，10-hexahydroanthracene和苯并[F]茚满。产品的上述反应可以进行以下进一步的反应 : 可以被转换到octahydroanthracene phenyltetralylbutane(a)通过与HF和八氢/BCL3(即反应3以上)或HF/BF3；(b)phenylindanylpropane可以被转换为通过接触与HF/BCL-hydrindacene3(即反应4以上)或Hf/bf3，(c)均octahydroanthracene和均八氢可以通过蒸馏分离和/或结晶，和然后可以在合适的条件下异构化，以另使用HF/BCL3或Hf/BF3)催化剂；(d)均octahydroanthracene和可以被脱氢成syw-八氢蒽，菲，分别，通过传代，在硒催化剂在325℃，C。下，在反应(C)，反式-顺式-反式-perhydroanthracene和]菲可获得作为副产物均在异构化过程octahydroanthracene到均八氢。

公开（公告）号：GB1178735A

公开（公告）日：1970-01-21

申请号：GB6712144

申请日：1967-03-15

申请人：SUN OIL CO





477、Device of entry and/or exit of spectrometer

标题（翻译）：光谱仪的条目的装置和\/或出口

摘要：1, 203, 253. Spectrometers. CENTRE NATIONAL DE LA RECHERCHE SCIENTIFIQUE and OFFICE NATIONAL D' ETUDES ET DE RECHERCHES AEROSPATIALES. Aug.22,  1967 [Sept.1,  1966],  No.38645/67. Heading G2J. An input or output device for a grid type spectrometer,  provides,  after dispersion,  signals free from periodic side-structure,  and consists of a random distribution of spaced areas 23 on a support 21 the said areas and the support having first and second radiation conveying characters such as transmission and non- transmission. Areas 23 are parallel and elongated in form and together comprises 40-60% of the total area of the support their shorter dimensions being parallel to the direction of dispersion. The support may be transparent,  opaque or reflective,  as may the randomly spaced areas. A device suitable for an auto-collimation spectrometer has two random sets of areas,  each area in one set having a corresponding area in the other set synmetrically placed about the centre of the device. Such a device is prepared by dropping small white discs,  "confetti",  on to a sticky black,  part spherical,  concave surface (51),  Fig.9 (not shown). The surface (51) is then moved normally to the plane defined by the axis of surface (51) and the optical axis of a camera (54) inclined to the first photographic plate (56) being exposed during this movement. A first random set of elongated images is obtained. The second set is obtained by turning surface (51) through 180 degrees about its axis and further exposing plate (56) during translation of the surface (51). The off-axis exposure corrects for the distortion of the spectrometer.

摘要（翻译）：1, 203, 253。分光计。中心国家信息的国家D‘etudes scientifique讲究，办公等去aerospatiales勘探。aug.22，sept.11967[1966]，no.38645/67。掘进g2j。格栅式光谱仪的输入或输出装置，提供，经过分散，信号不需要定期侧结构，由随机分布的间隔区域23在支架21的所述区域的支架具有第一和第二传送等传输和非透射辐射。区域23相互平行，并延长形式和所述支架包括40-60%的总面积其较短的平行方向尺寸的分散体。支架可以是透明的，不透明的或反射的，而所述随机间隔区域。一种适用于自准直装置具有两个随机组区，一组中的每个区域具有另一组synmetrically中的对应区域的周围设置的中心装置。该装置由滴加少量白盘“花”，涉及一种对粘黑上，部分球面，凹面(51)，fig.9(未示出)。所述表面(51)向前移动，垂直于所述轴线确定的平面表面(51)和光摄像头轴线(54)倾斜至第一底片(56)暴露在该移动过程。得到第一随机一组细长的图像。第二组获得的转向表面(51)围绕其轴线180度和将板(56)表面(51)移动的过程中。所述偏轴曝光失真进行校正的光谱仪。

公开（公告）号：FR1515894A

公开（公告）日：1968-03-08

申请号：FR66074895

申请日：1966-09-01

申请人：CENTRE NAT RECH SCIENT; ONERA (OFF NAT AEROSPATIALE)





478、Method of preparation of emulsions or very stable dispersions

标题（翻译）：乳液的制备方法或非常稳定的分散体

公开（公告）号：FR1498294A

公开（公告）日：1967-10-20

申请号：FR66053184

申请日：1966-03-11

申请人：EXXON STANDARD SA





479、Device of comparison of two electrical resistances

标题（翻译）：比较的装置的两个电阻

公开（公告）号：FR1450929A

公开（公告）日：1966-06-24

申请号：FR65034657

申请日：1965-10-12

申请人：RES ENGINEERING CONTROLS LTD





480、Process and device for the fluid or divided matter projection

标题（翻译）：用于所述流体或分隔物的方法和装置的投影

公开（公告）号：FR1467027A

公开（公告）日：1967-01-27

申请号：FR65023296

申请日：1965-07-02





481、Improvements in or relating to material comprising collagen fibres and the manufacture thereof

标题（翻译）：或涉及材料包含胶原纤维中的改进和所述的制造及其

摘要：A process of forming material which can be used as a substitute for leather comprises the steps of applying to a non-woven intermeshed fibre mass so that it penetrates thereinto,  an aqueous acidic suspension having a pH not higher than 3,  of swollen distinct fine collagon fibres of microscopic size,  reducing the acidity of the suspension in the fibre mass to a pH not lower than 3.5 and removing water from the swollen collagen fibres whereby the fibres reaggregate into a larger collagen fibre structure interspersed with the intermeshed fibres.  Preferably the pH of the suspension is 0.5 to 3 and the collagen fibres are between 0.001 and 4 millimetres in length.  The percentage of collagen fibres based on the total dry weight of collagen and non-collagenous fibre present may range from 5-90% and is desirably in the range 30-50%.  The suspension may contain a mixture in the ratio of from 2 : 1 to 1 : 2 parts by weight of collagen fibres having a formaldehyde content of from 0.1 to 0.4% and collagen fibres having a higher formaldehyde content e.g. 1.1% giving a resultant formaldehyde content of from 0.65 to 0.8% and a pH value of from 2 to 2.5.  With this mixture the suspension is said to penetrate the fibre batt effectively and to be retained effectively within the batt;  the low formaldehyde content fibres serving as a carrier for the higher formaldehyde content fibres to aid in penetration whilst the higher formaldehyde content fibres impart the desired retention characteristics.  Further the suspension may comprise a mixture of tanned collagen fibres and gelatin in solution or tanned collagen fibres and a cationic surface active agent.  The process may further include the step of treating the reaggregated collagen fibres with a mineral tanning agent.  The non-woven intermeshed fibre materials may be nylon polyacrylic ester fibres,  polyester fibres,  polypropylene fibres,  extruded cellulosic fibres,  natural cotton or longer collagen fibrous material which has been treated e.g. by chrome tanning. Products having a higher collagen content at the surface may be formed by first treating the fibre batt with a collagen suspension having good penetrating ability and thereafter treating the surface of the batt with a suspension having a lower penetration ability.  The resultant product may be coated on one side with a solution in a lower alkyl alcohol of a soluble nylon,  the alcohol allowed to evaporate and the surface perforated as by needling.ALSO : A process of forming material which can be used as a substitute for leather comprises the steps of applying to a non-woven intermeshed fibre mass so that it penetrates thereinto,  an aqueous acidic suspension having a pH not higher than 3,  of swollen distinct fine collagen fibres of microscopic size,  reducing the acidity of the suspension in the fibre mass to a pH not lower than 3.5 and removing water from the swollen collagen fibres whereby the fibres reaggregate into a larger collagen fibre structure interspersed with the intermeshed fibres.  Preferably the pH of the suspension is 0.5 to 3 and the collagen fibres are between 0.001 and 4 millimetres in length.  The percentage of collagen fibres based on the total dry weight of collagen and non-collagenous fibre present may range from 5 to 90% and is desirably in the range 30-50%.  The suspension may contain a mixture in the ratio of from 2 : 1 to 1 : 2 parts by weight of collagen fibres having a formaldehyde content of from 0.1 to 0.4% and collagen fibres having a higher formaldehyde content e.g. 1.1% giving a resultant formaldehyde content of from 0.65 to 0.8% and a pH value of from 2 to 2.5.  With this mixture the suspension is said to penetrate the fibre batt effectively and to be retained effectively within the batt;  the low formaldehyde content fibres serving as a carrier for the higher formaldehyde content fibres to aid in penetration whilst the higher formaldehyde content fibres impart the desired retention characteristics.  Further the suspension may comprise a mixture of tanned collagen fibres and gelatin in solution or tanned collagen fibres and a cationic surface active agent.  The process may further include the step of treating the reaggregated collagen fibres with a mineral tanning agent.  The non-woven intermeshed fibre materials may be nylon,  polyacrylic ester fibres,  polyester fibres,  polypropylene fibres,  extruded cellulosic fibres,  natural cotton or longer collagen fibrous material which has been treated e.g. by chrome tanning. Products having a higher collagen content at the surface may be formed by first treating the fibre batt with a collagen suspension having good penetrating ability and thereafter treating the surface of the batt with a suspension having a lower penetration ability.  The resultant product may be coated on one side with a solution in a lower alkyl alcohol of a soluble nylon,  the alcohol allowed to evaporate and the surface perforated as by needling.

摘要（翻译）：一种成型材料的方法，其可作为一种替代用于皮革包括步骤 : 施加到一种相互啮合的非织造纤维质量，使它穿过其中，一种含水的酸性悬浮液具有pH不高于比3，溶胀的不同细的胶原纤维的微观尺寸，降低该悬浮液在该纤维的酸度质量以一种pH不低于3.5和除水从该溶胀的胶原纤维，其中该纤维reaggregate成一个较大的胶原纤维相互啮合的结构与所述的散布纤维。优选该悬浮液的pH为0.5到3和该胶原纤维在长度是0.001和4毫米之间。该胶原纤维的百分比基于该总明的胶原蛋白和非胶原纤维的干重量的范围可以从5-90%，是理想的是在所述范围30-50%。该悬浮液可含有一种的混合物在比从2 : 1至1 : 2份，通过重量从0.1至0.4%的胶原纤维具有一种甲醛的含量和胶原纤维具有较高的甲醛含量例如1.1%给出得到的甲醛含量为从0.65至0.8%和一个从2的pH值2.5。具有这种该悬浮液的混合物是所述穿透纤维毛层有效和被保持有效在所述的毛层，所述的低甲醛含量的纤维作为载体用于该较高的甲醛含量的纤维以助剂在该较高的甲醛含量的纤维的穿透，同时赋予所希望的保持特性。进一步所述悬浮液可以包含一种混合物鞣制的溶液中胶原纤维和明胶或鞣制的胶原纤维和一种阳离子表面活性剂。所述的方法。可以进一步包括该步骤的处理reaggregated胶原纤维与一种矿物鞣制剂。所述相互啮合的非织造纤维材料可以是尼龙，聚丙烯酸酯纤维，聚酯纤维，聚丙烯纤维，挤出的纤维素纤维，天然棉或更长的胶原其已经处理过的纤维材料例如通过铬鞣。的产品具有较高的胶原含量在该表面可以可通过第一处理该纤维毛层形成与胶原悬浮液具有良好的渗透能力和随后处理该本发明的表面毛层与一悬浮液具有较低的渗透能力。所得到的产品可以涂覆在一个侧与一种溶液在一种低级烷基醇的一种水溶性尼龙，该醇蒸发和所述表面的穿孔作为通过针刺，也 : 一种成型材料的方法，其可作为一种替代用于皮革包括步骤施加到一相互啮合的非织造纤维的质量，使其穿过其中，一种含水的酸性悬浮液具有一种pH不高于3，溶胀的不同细的胶原纤维的微观尺寸，降低所述的酸度所述悬浮液在该纤维质量对pH不低于3.5和除水从该溶胀的胶原纤维其中该纤维reaggregate成一个较大的胶原纤维相互啮合的结构与所述的散布纤维。优选的pH悬浮液是0.5至3和该胶原纤维在长度是0.001和4毫米之间。所述的百分比胶原纤维的基于总干重量的胶原蛋白和非-胶原纤维存在的可能范围从5到90%，是理想的是在范围30-50%。该悬浮液可含有一种的混合物在比从2 : 1至1 : 2重量份的胶原纤维具有从0.1至0.4%的甲醛含量和胶原纤维具有较高的甲醛含量例如1.1%给出得到的甲醛含量的从0.65至0.8%和一个pH值为从2至2.5。具有这种该悬浮液的混合物是所述穿透纤维毛层有效和以可有效保留在所述的毛层，所述的低甲醛含量的纤维作为载体用于该较高甲醛含量的纤维以助剂在该较高的甲醛含量的纤维的穿透，同时赋予所希望的保持特性。进一步所述悬浮液可以包括一种鞣制的胶原纤维的混合物和明胶溶液中或鞣制的胶原纤维和一种阳离子表面活性剂。该方法可以进一步包括该步骤的处理reaggregated胶原纤维与一种矿物鞣制剂。所述相互啮合的非织造纤维材料可以是尼龙，聚丙烯酸酯纤维，聚酯纤维，聚丙烯纤维，挤出的纤维素纤维; 天然棉或更长的胶原纤维材料，其具有被进行处理，如通过铬鞣。的产品具有较高的胶原含量在该表面可以形成通过第一处理该纤维毛层与胶原悬浮液具有良好的渗透所述的能力和随后处理该表面毛层与一种悬浮液具有较低的渗透能力的。所得到的产品。可以涂覆在一个侧与一种溶液在一种低级烷基醇的一种水溶性尼龙，该醇蒸发和该表面的穿孔作为通过针刺。

公开（公告）号：GB1024769A

公开（公告）日：1966-04-06

申请号：GB6303539

申请日：1963-01-29

申请人：UNITED SHOE MACHINERY CORP





482、Method of epitaxially growing semiconductor material

标题（翻译）：外延生长的方法的半导体材料

摘要：A semi-conductor is epitaxially deposited from the halide vapour phase on to selected areas of a substrate which is heated to a temperature below the thermal reaction temperature for epitaxial growth,  by focusing electromagnetic radiation on to the selected areas to increase the activation energy sufficient for epitaxial growth to take place.  The process is applicable to the deposition of germanium,  silicon,  compounds of Group III and Group V such as gallium arsenide,  indium phosphide and aluminium antimonide and also p-type deposits such as boron and N-type deposits such as arsenic. As shown in Fig. 1 a germanium substrate 17 is placed on a quartz jig 16 in a reaction chamber 10 and positioned adjacent to a window 11. An optical system comprising light source 18 and light filter 20 for passing ultra-violet light,  a condensing lens system 19,  a mask 21 and a focusing lens system 22 focuses the apertures in the mask 21 on to the substrate 17 which is first heated to 700 DEG C. in a hydrogen atmosphere to reduce oxides and then reduced to 450 DEG  C.,  i.e. 50 DEG  C. below the reduction temperature of GeCl4. Hydrogen is introduced into the chamber via valve 24,  GeCl4 via valve 25 and 1% of AsCl3 via valve 28.  The substrate is activated in selected areas by the optical system and the epitaxial deposit 31,  32 formed.  A neutral gas such as argon or helium may also be introduced into the chamber via valve 24.  After the required thickness of N-type germanium is formed,  the process is repeated with the same or a different mask and BCl3 is introduced to deposit P-type germanium. Several layers and different patterns may be produced (Fig. 2,  not shown),  and a final passivating film may be formed by forming an oxide film from an atmosph ere of O2 or H2O plus GeCl4 or SiO may be produced by the decomposition of silanes.ALSO : A semi-conductor is epitaxially deposited from the halide vapour phase on to selected areas of a substrate which is heated to a temperature below the thermal reaction temperature for epitaxial growth,  by focusing electromagnetic radiation on to the selected areas to increase the activation energy sufficient for epitaxial growth to take place.  The process is applicable to the deposition of germanium,  silicon,  compounds of Group III and Group V such as gallium arsenide,  indium phosphide and aluminium antimonide and also P type dopants such as boron and N-type dopants such as arsenic.  As shown in Fig. 1,  a germanium substrate 17 is placed on a quartz jig 16 in a reaction chamber 10 and positioned adjacent a window 11.  An optical system comprising light source 18 and light filter 20 for passing ultra-violet light,  a condensing lens system 19,  a mask 21 and a focusing lens system 22 focuses the apertures in the mask 21 on to the substrate 17 which is first heated to 700  DEG C. in a hydrogen atmosphere to reduce oxides and then reduced to 450  DEG C.,  i.e. 50 DEG C. below the reduction temperature of GeCl4. Hydrogen is introduced into the chamber via valve 24,  GeCl4 via valve 25 and 1% of AsCl3 via valve 28.  The substrate is activated in selected areas by the optical system and the epitaxial deposit 31,  32 is formed.  A neutral gas such as argon or helium may also be introduced into the chamber via valve 24.  After the required  thickness of N type germanium is formed,  the process is repeated with the same or a different mask and BCl3 is introduced to deposit P type germanium.  Several layers and different patterns may be produced,  see Fig. 2 (not shown),  and a final passivating film may be formed by forming an oxide film from an atmosphere of O2 or H2O plus GeCl4 or SiO may be produced by the decomposition of silanes.

摘要（翻译）：[pict : 0963799\/c1\/1]一种半-导体是从所述卤化物汽相外延沉积到衬底的选择区域上。被加热到温度低于所述的热反应的温度用于外延生长，通过聚焦上的电磁的辐射到该选择的区域，以增加该活化能量足够用于外延生长发生。该工艺是适用于沉积的锗，硅，组III和V族的化合物如砷化镓，磷化铟和铝锑化和还P-型的沉积物如硼和N-型的沉积物如砷。为示出在图。1一种锗衬底17是放置在一个石英夹具16在一反应室10和位于相邻到一窗口11。一种光学系统包括光源18和滤光器20用于使超紫光，一种聚光透镜系统19，一种掩模21和一个聚焦透镜系统22聚焦该孔在所述掩模21在对该基板17，其是第一氢气氛中加热到700℃，以减少氧化物和然后降低到450℃，即该还原温度50℃以下的gecl4。氢被引入在该室通过阀24，通过阀25和1%的gecl4ascl3通过阀28。该衬底是活化的选择区域中通过所述的光学系统和所述的外延沉积31，32形成的。一种中性气体如氩气或氦气也可以引入到该室通过阀24。N-型的所需厚度后锗形成，该过程是重复与相同或不同的掩模和bcl3被引入到沉积P-型锗。若干层和不同的图案可以被产生(图2，未示出)，和一个最终钝化膜可以通过形成一种氧化物形成的薄膜从一种atmosph O2或H2O加gecl4ERE-luc或可以通过该分解产生的SiO的硅烷。也 : 一种半-导体是从所述卤化物汽相外延沉积在以选择区域的衬底，其是加热至温度低于所述的热反应的温度用于外延生长; 通过聚焦电磁的辐射在以所选区域以增加该活化能量足够用于外延生长，以进行代替。该工艺是适用于所沉积的锗，硅，组III和V族的化合物，如砷化镓，磷化铟和铝锑化物和还P型掺杂剂，如硼和N-型掺杂剂的这种作为砷。为示出在图1，一种锗衬底17是放置在一个石英夹具16在反应室10和位于相邻的窗11。一种光学系统包括光源18和滤光片20用于使超紫光，一聚光透镜系统19，一种掩模21和一个聚焦透镜系统22集中该孔在所述掩模21上，以该基板17，其是第一加热到700℃在一种氢气氛中以减少氧化物和然后降低到450℃，即50℃以下所述还原温度的gecl4。氢气引入到该室通过阀24，通过阀25和1%的ascl3gecl4通过阀28。该衬底是激活的选择区域中通过所述的光学系统和所述的外延沉积31，32为形成。一种中性气体如氩气或氦气也可以引入到该室通过阀24。所需要的[pict后 : 0963799\/[c7\/1>n型锗的厚度形成，该过程是重复与所述相同的或一种不同的掩模和bcl3被引入到沉积P型锗。若干层和不同的图案可以产生; 参见图2(未示出)，和一个最终钝化膜可以通过形成一种氧化物形成的薄膜从O2或H2O加gecl4或SiO2的气氛可以通过该分解产生的硅烷。

公开（公告）号：GB963799A

公开（公告）日：1964-07-15

申请号：GB6248837

申请日：1962-12-28

申请人：HUGHES AIRCRAFT CO





483、Process of diffusion to the vapor state of impurities causing conductivity in a semiconductor

标题（翻译）：杂质扩散到气相的状态的方法使电导率在一半导体

公开（公告）号：FR1398723A

公开（公告）日：1965-05-14

申请号：FR62914304

申请日：1962-11-03

申请人：TEXAS INSTRUMENTS INC





484、Process and device of spectral emission and analysis

标题（翻译）：光谱发射的过程和装置和分析

摘要：1, 043, 258. Arc lamps. INSTITUT DE RECHERCHES DE LA SIDERURGIE FRANCAISE. June 28,  1965 [Aug. 6,  1962],  No. 25774/63. Heading H1X. A method of spectral analysis of material on or forming the electrodes of an arc or spark device comprises repeatedly applying a sequence of different discharges to the material. In embodiments,  (a) the circuit of the electrodes is fed by an A.C. source,  and successive discharges are periodically reproduced in phase with the A.C. source,  (b) elements of different impedance are periodically connected in the supply circuit of the electrodes,  e.g. by a rotating spark gap,  and (c) different current sources are periodically connected to the device. The emission of each type of discharge is measured separately throughout the total duration of the discharges of that type.

摘要（翻译）：1, 043, 258。电弧灯。institut去recherches去Lasiderurgiefrancaise。1965年6月28日[1962年8月6日]，专利25774\/63。标题h1x。一种方法的频谱分析的材料或形成该电极上的一电弧或火花装置包括重复地施加一序列的不同放电到所述材料。在实施例中，(a)所述电极被馈送所述的电路由一个交流源，和连续放电被周期性地相位中的再现与所述交流源，(b)不同阻抗的元件被周期性地连接在所述的电源电路所述电极，E。G。通过一个旋转火花间隙，和(c)不同的电流源被周期性地连接到所述的装置。每个类型的放电所发射的是分别测量在整个总持续时间的所述的放电，其类型。

公开（公告）号：FR1337846A

公开（公告）日：1963-09-20

申请号：FR62906179

申请日：1962-08-06

申请人：SIDERURGIE FSE INST RECH





485、Process for the production salt finely divided at large surface and products in conformity with those obtained

标题（翻译）：用于生产盐细分散在大表面的方法和所得产品在与那些一致

公开（公告）号：FR1307003A

公开（公告）日：1962-10-19

申请号：FR61880080

申请日：1961-11-25

申请人：DEGUSSA





486、Process of obtaining boron trichloride

标题（翻译）：获得的方法，三氯化硼

公开（公告）号：FR1234951A

公开（公告）日：1960-07-01

申请号：FR59804185

申请日：1959-09-01

申请人：DIAMOND ALKALI CO





487、Manufactoring process of the boron trichloride

标题（翻译）：manufactoring的方法，所述的三氯化硼

公开（公告）号：FR1223907A

公开（公告）日：1960-06-21

申请号：FR59794330

申请日：1959-05-11

申请人：OLIN MATHIESON





488、Balance electromechanical quantimeter-mixer

标题（翻译）：平衡机电quantimeter-混合器

公开（公告）号：FR1139975A

公开（公告）日：1957-07-09

申请号：FR1139975D

申请日：1956-01-04





489、Improvements in automatic telephone exchange systems providing ancilliary services

标题（翻译）：在自动电话交换系统的改进提供ancilliary服务

摘要：793, 948. Automatic exchange systems. TELEPHONE MANUFACTURING CO.,  Ltd. Jan. 19,  1956 [Nov. 3,  1954],  No. 31838/54. Class 40 (4). Special services are available to subscribers in a P.A.X. on the dialling of an appropriate digit or digits into a register which is thereafter unresponsive to further digits,  the register connects the calling line to the special service requested and is then dismissed without disturbance of the connection. The invention is described with reference to Fig. 1 which is schematic. Calls to other subscribers. In a 50- line system a calling line is connected over a line-finder such as PR1 to a feed bridge FB1 having access to a register marker RM. The register marker registers a first digit of 1-5 and a second digit 1-9 or 0. Each connector such as CON1 comprises five electro-mechanical bridges with five banks of contacts, . each bank giving access to two lines,  discrimination between a pair of lines being effected by a switching relay. The register marker uses the second digit first to energize a finger magnet and,  if necessary the switching relay in the appropriate connector CON1 and then uses the first digit to energize the appropriate bridge magnet to complete the connection. Connection to facility services. Facilities such as staff-call,  paging,  tie-line working,  and party-line revertive calling are provided if the subscriber dials a single digit 6-9 or 0. The register marker RM recognizes the digit as being greater than 5 and closes a contact sp1 (Fig. 2,  not shown) so that it does not wait for a second digit. The impulses exceeding 5 are then registered to energize the appropriate one of five bridge magnets in the connector already sized and mark one of five conductors BX5. The bridge magnet,  say that corresponding to level 5,  in CONI extends the marked conductor in the group BX5 to energize the finger magnet 5/1 in the case of facility 5. The marked conductor in the group BX5 is also extended over further contacts of the operated bridge magnet to energize operating magnet FC5 in the facility selecting bridge SEM5 to complete a 3-wire circuit to the desired facility. A relay A (not shown) pulls up to energize TBA1,  so disconnecting the calling line from the feed-bridge FB 1 and releasing the register-marker RM and marking circuits. The operate bridge magnet FC5 selfholds until relay A (not shown) is restored at the end of the call. If the number of connecting circuits is greater than five the additional connecting circuits gain access to the facility circuits over an upper level in the bridges SEMISEM5,  a switching relay discriminating between the upper and lower levels (Fig. 3,  not shown).

摘要（翻译）：793, 948。自动交换系统，电话机制造Co。，Ltd。][1954年11月3日1956年1月19日，专利31838\/54。类40(4)。专用服务是可用以用户在一个P。A。X。在所述的一种适当的数字或数字拨号到一个此后寄存器，它是无反应，以进一步数字，所述线到所述专用寄存器将所述呼叫服务请求和然后解除是无扰动的所述的连接。本发明被描述的与参考到图。1，其是示意性。呼叫到其他用户。一种50-线系统中一个调用线被连接在一个线-仪等作为pr1到一个进料桥fb1具有访问到一寄存器的标记RM。该寄存器标记寄存器一第一位的1-5和一个第二位1-9或0。每个连接器如con1包括五个电-机械与五组的触点桥，。每个银行赋予访问到两个线，判别一种一对的线之间被实现由一切换继电器。所述寄存器的标记采用第二数字第一，以激励一个手指磁铁和，如果必要的所述适当的连接器中所述切换继电器con1和然后采用第一位，以激励所述适当的桥磁铁，以完成该连接。连接到设备的服务。设施，例如员工-呼叫，寻呼，系-线工作，和第三方-线反向呼叫是提供如果该用户拨打一个单数字6-9或0。该寄存器标记RM识别该数字作为被大于5和关闭一接触sp1(图。2，未示出)，从而使它不不等待用于一个第二位，所述脉冲超过5是再登记到激励所述适当的一个的五所述连接器桥中的磁铁已经尺寸和标记的一个的五导体bx5。所述桥磁铁，即其相应的以位5，在代钴镍延伸，所述标记的导体在所述组bx5以激励所述手指磁铁5\/1在该情况下的设施5。所述标记的导体在所述组bx5是还延伸在进一步的接触所述操作桥磁铁，以激励操作磁铁fc5在所述的设备选择桥sem5以完成一3-线电路以所希望的设施。一个继电器一个(未示出)向上拉动到激励tba1，从而断开该呼叫线从所述进料-桥FB1和释放所述寄存器-标记RM和标记电路，所述操作桥磁铁fc5selfholds直到继电器一(未示出)被恢复在所述端部的所述呼叫。如果所述连接电路的数量是更大的比五所述附加的连接电路的增益访问到该设备的电路在一上水平在所述桥semisem5，一个开关继电器之间的判别所述上和下水平(图。3，未示出)。

公开（公告）号：GB793948A

公开（公告）日：1958-04-23

申请号：GB5431838

申请日：1954-11-03

申请人：TELEPHONE MANUFACTURING COMPANY LIMITED





490、Improvement brought to the treatment of marine algas and their uses

标题（翻译）：海洋藻类和它们的处理带来的改进以

公开（公告）号：FR1095482A

公开（公告）日：1955-06-03

申请号：FR1095482D

申请日：1953-12-07





491、Mounting for fixing on the cycles and motor bicycles,  of various plates and labels

标题（翻译）：用于固定安装在所述周期和马达的自行车，各种板和标签的

公开（公告）号：FR929449A

公开（公告）日：1947-12-26

申请号：FR929449D

申请日：1946-06-19





492、New or improved device for use with umbrellas and the like

标题（翻译）：新的或改进的装置，用于使用与伞和该等

摘要：382, 134. Umbrellas. DAVIES,  I. H.,  Palmerston Road,  Wealdstone,  Middlesex. Jan. 12,  1932,  No. 897. [Class 134.] A clip for holding the tips d of the ribs of an umbrella comprises two resilient beads a,  c connected by a resilient annular portion b which is so short that the tipengaging bead a cannot be rolled back thereon,  but is adapted to be rolled back over the bead c to release the tips,  as shown in Fig. 6. The clip may be formed by rolling up and cementing the ends of a length of rubber tubing or it may be formed by moulding,  coating or dipping. The bead a may have a larger or smaller diameter than the bead c and the annular portion may decrease in diameter towards one end. Specification 194, 844,  [Class,  134,  Umbrellas &c.],  is referred to.

摘要（翻译）：382, 134。雨伞。davies，I。H。，帕默斯顿道路，威尔德斯通，米德尔塞克斯。1932年1月12日，专利897。[类134。]一种用于保持夹所述尖端D的所述的一种伞包括两个弹性肋珠一，C的连接通过一弹性环形部分B，其是以短的是，所述tipengaging珠一种不能被轧制后在其上，但是适于以被轧后在该胎圈C，以释放所述尖端，图中示出为。6。所述夹子可以被通过轧制形成所述端部上和胶凝的一橡胶管的长度或它可以被形成通过模塑，涂覆或浸渍。所述胎圈一种可以具有一个较大或较小的直径比所述胎圈C和所述环形部分可以减少直径朝向一个端部中。说明书194, 844，[类，134，伞&C。]，被称为到。

公开（公告）号：GB382134A

公开（公告）日：1932-10-20

申请号：GB3200897

申请日：1932-01-12

申请人：IDWAL HUGH DAVIES





493、For :

标题（翻译）：用于 :

公开（公告）号：FR728932A

公开（公告）日：1932-07-13

申请号：FR728932D

申请日：1931-12-29

申请人：BUDD WHEEL CO





494、Improvements in Seats,  Chairs and the like.

标题（翻译）：在座的改进，椅子和该等。

摘要：17, 605. Hay,  J. G. July 31. Seat adjustments.-A seat especially suitable for use in motor-cars and other vehicles comprises a back cushion f mounted on a frame e pivotally connected to a seat frame c sliding in guides b. The guides b are pivoted at their rear ends and are adjustably supported in front by a rack j held by catches k mounted on a rod actuated by a handle n. In order to allow for the adjustment of the back when the seat is adjusted,  it is pivoted at its upper end in a slotted bracket i. The seat proper is held in the desired longitudinal position by spring studs p engaging recesses r in the guides b.

摘要（翻译）：17, 605。干草，J。G。7月31日。座调节，-一个座特别适合用于电机-汽车和其它车辆中使用包括一背垫F安装在一框E可枢转地连接到一个座架C中的滑动导向件b。所述导向件B分别枢接在它们的后端和通过一个齿条是可调节地支承在前J保持由挂钩K安装在一杆通过一手柄致动的N。在顺序以允许用于所述调节所述后的所述座被调整时，它被枢接在其上的端部在一开槽的支架I。所述座合适的是保持在所期望的纵向位置由弹簧柱P的接合凹槽R中的所述引导B。

公开（公告）号：GB191317605A

公开（公告）日：1913-12-18

申请号：GB191317605D

申请日：1913-07-31

申请人：JAMES GEORGE HAY





495、Improvements in or relating to Ball Bearings.

标题（翻译）：改进或涉及球轴承。

摘要：6124. Soc. Frantaise des Roulements ó Bilies. June 7,  1905,  [date applied for under Patents Act,  1901]. Ball bearings.-A ball bearing having two grooved race rings is assembled by arranging the balls in one race and then swinging the inner into the outer race under pressure. The race may be swung about two opposite balls a as pivots as shown in Fig. 6,  or about a single ball placed between the two races c,  j. As shown in Fig. 2,  the outer race is shallower than the inner,  and the sides g may be incliued in order to strengthen the outer ring. The balls may be placed in a cage consisting of a metal ring e with radial holes in which the balls are retained by setting up the metal at the edges f.

摘要（翻译）：6124。SOC。frantaise DES roulementsóbilies。1905年6月7日，[日期用于在专利动作，1901]。球轴承。具有两个槽座圈滚珠轴承通过球排列组装在一个座圈和然后摇动内到外座圈在压力下。座圈可以围绕两个相对的球A为支点摆动中所示的图。6，一种单球或约两个座圈之间放置C，J。图中所示的。2，该外座圈的深度比内，可以incliued和侧边以加强外环。该球可以放置在由金属笼其中E环与径向孔通过设置金属小球在边缘F。

公开（公告）号：GB190606124A

公开（公告）日：1906-11-01

申请号：GB190606124D

申请日：1906-03-13

申请人：SOCIETE FRANCAISE DES ROULEMENTS A BILLES





496、An Improvement in Bedsteads.

标题（翻译）：一个改进中的一种床架。

摘要：26, 780. Middleton,  F. J.,  and Harker,  F. Nov. 16. Bedsteads.- The pillars of Italian bedsteads are made in two parts A,  B jointed together so as to turn freely by a pin a'  on one part fitting into a socket b in the other. The part A is cast with or fixed to the curtain rod bracket a' ,  and the part B is cast with the bedstead head d b. The wooden pillars of combined wood and metal bedsteads are similarly jointed.

摘要（翻译）：26, 780。米德尔顿，F。J。，和阿尔克，F。11月16日。一种床架。一种床架意大利-所述的柱是由在两个部件一，B通过一销接在一起从而为以自由转动一‘上的一个部分安装到一插座b在所述另。所述部一种是铸带或固定到所述窗帘杆支架的“，和所述部分B是铸造与该床架头db。所述的组合木材和木制柱子金属一种床架被类似地接合。

公开（公告）号：GB189726780A

公开（公告）日：1898-10-15

申请号：GB189726780D

申请日：1897-11-16

申请人：FREDERICK JAMES MIDDLETON; FREDERICK HARKER