1、POWER SUPPLY SYSTEM,  CONTROL METHOD FOR ELECTRIC VEHICLES AND ELECTRIC VEHICLE
摘要：A power supply system for an electric vehicle includes :  a battery system including one battery pack or a plurality of battery packs connected in parallel which is/are controlled by a Battery Management System (BMS) to connected to and disconnect from a high- voltage DC bus of the electric vehicle,  wherein the battery system powers the electric vehicle;  a range extender (3) to generate a DC current so as to charge the battery system and/or power he electric vehicle;  a controller (4) to control a power generating mode of the range extender (3),  to control a connection status of each battery pack with the high-voltage DC bus of the electric vehicle,  and/or to control a connection status of he range extender (3) with the high-voltage DC bus of the electric vehicle;  and a plurality of switches arranged between each battery pack and the high-voltage DC bus of the electric vehicle,  and/or between the range extender (3) and he high-voltage DC bus of the electric vehicle. A control method and an electric vehicle using he power supply system are also described. The parallel battery system is used together with the range extender to power the electric vehicle,  featurng modularization,  integration/easy maintenance,  and high reliabiliy.
申请日：2018-12-07
申请人：SUZHOU DSM GREEN POWER LTD
2、SPEECH SYNTHESIZER FOR PERSONS WITH SPEECH IMPAIRMENT
摘要：A speech synthesizer (100) for persons with speech impairment comprises a first module (101) that facilitates :  the collection of the brain activities of one or more users/persons (1011) using an Electroencephalogram (EEG),  the amplification of collected EEG signals,  the conversion of the amplified EEG signals from analog form into digital form,  and storing of the EEG signals in digital form on a permanent storage;  a second module (102) that comprising a first unit (1021) that facilitates to pre-process the EEG signals received from the first module (101) to remove the noise signals,  a second unit (1022) that facilitates the feature extraction of the pre- processed EEG signals using band power techniques,  a third unit (1023) that facilitates the classification of the feature extracted signals into different patterns and identifying the pattern analysed from the brain activities to generate one or more control signals;  and a third module (103) that facilitates presenting of the current status and output of the first module (101) and second module (102),  and produces a visual and audio output of the brain activity identified from the EEG signals collected from the one or more users/persons (1011). Figure to be included is Figure 1
申请日：2018-11-27
申请人：Mr S KARTHEESWARAN; Dr G EMAYAVARAMBAN; Dr S RAMKUMAR
3、上肢手外骨骼康复机器人
摘要：本发明公开了一种上肢手外骨骼康复机器人，属于数据处理技术领域，本发明通过让患者观看虚拟现实影像，让其完成虚拟现实任务，帮助患者集中注意力，在脑电信号的采集识别方面识别率达到96.7％。在产品对于中枢神经系统疾病的恢复程度(以脑卒中为例)对数十患者对照实验一周后，采用本系统进行的康复训练要比未采用本系统进行康复训练的患者恢复程度明显加快。
申请日：2018-10-12
申请人：杭州航弈生物科技有限责任公司
4、BUFFER TUBES FOR FIBER OPTIC CABLES
摘要：Buffer tubes made from a composition comprising :  (A) polypropylene (B) high density polyethylene (HDPE) (C) propylene-ethylene copolymer (PE copolymer) (D) olefin block composite and (E) optionally one or more of a nucleating agent filler and additive exhibit reduced stress whitening as compared to buffer tubes made from conventional polypropylene compositions.
申请日：2018-10-09
申请人：DOW GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC; ESSEGHIR Mohamed; SUN Gangwei; GONG Yonghua
5、包括无线透皮链路的可植入医疗设备
摘要：本申请公开了包括无线透皮链路的可植入医疗设备，所述医疗设备包括外部单元和可植入单元。外部单元包括：电子单元，其在工作时连接到发射器线圈；包括环结构的线圈单元；固定单元，其被配置成将环结构i)接近可植入接收器线圈及ii)绕用户的身体部位使得身体部位的一部分位于环结构的中空部分内而连接到用户身体。可植入单元包括：可植入接收器线圈；处理单元，配置成i)处理所接收的数据信号，和/或ii)利用所接收的能量用于可植入单元的至少一元件的运行；其中无线透皮链路包括发射器线圈与接收器线圈之间的耦合，及当环结构使用固定单元进行连接时，响应于发射器线圈的激励产生的至少大量磁力线通过可植入接收器线圈。
申请日：2018-08-13
申请人：奥迪康医疗有限公司
6、IMPLANTABLE MEDICAL DEVICE COMPRISING A WIRELESS TRANSCUTANEOUS LINK
摘要：According to an embodiment,  a medical device is disclosed. The medical device includes an external unit and an implantable unit. The external unit includes an electronic unit operationally coupled to a transmitter coil that is configured transmit power and/or data signal over a wireless transcutaneous link,  a coil unit comprising a loop structure with the transmitter coil being wound around and along at least a part of length of the loop structure,  and a fixation unit configured to attach the loop structure to a user' s body i) proximal to an implantable receiver coil that is configured to be implanted within a body part,  and ii) around a body part of a user such that a part of the body part is positioned in a hollow section of the loop structure. The implantable unit includes the implantable receiver coil configured to receive the power and/or data signal over the wireless transcutaneous link,  a processing unit configured to i) process the received data signal to control functionalities of at least one of the components of the implantable unit,  and/or ii) utilize the received power for operation of at least one of the components of the implantable unit. The wireless transcutaneous link includes a coupling between the transmitter coil and the receiver coil,  and when the loop structure is attached using the fixation unit,  at least a substantial number of magnetic field lines generated in response to excitation of the transmitter coil passes through the implantable receiver coil.
申请日：2018-08-10
申请人：Oticon Medical A/S
7、SECURE SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE FOR INTEGRATED MOTORIZED MOBILE SYSTEMS
摘要：Systems and methods are disclosed herein for secure communication of data between motorized mobile systems (MMS) and external devices,  systems,  networks,  and servers. The data may include one or more of user,  health,  environment,  and system data retrieved from one or more sensors located in,  on,  and around an MMS. The MMS stores and/or transmits the sensor data using secure protocols when the sensor data relates to personal information,  such as personal health data,  to protect the privacy of the user.
申请日：2018-08-09
申请人：PATRONESS LLC
8、MEDICAL DEVICE FOR SENSING AND OR STIMULATING TISSUE
摘要：Devices,  methods and systems for transmitting signals through a device located in a blood vessel of an animal,  for stimulating and/or sensing activity of media proximal to the device,  wherein the media includes tissue and/or fluid.
申请日：2018-08-03
申请人：Sam Emmanuel JOHN; Nicholas Lachlan OPIE; Thomas James OXLEY
9、MEDICAL DEVICE FOR SENSING AND OR STIMULATING TISSUE
摘要：Devices,  methods and systems for transmitting signals through a device located in a blood vessel of an animal,  for stimulating and/or sensing activity of media proximal to the device,  wherein the media includes tissue and/or fluid.
申请日：2018-08-03
申请人：THE UNIVERSITY OF MELBOURNE; OXLEY Thomas James
10、IMPLANTABLE MEDICAL DEVICE COMPRISING A WIRELESS TRANSCUTANEOUS LINK
摘要：According to an embodiment,  a medical device is disclosed. The medical device includes an external unit and an implantable unit. The external unit includes an electronic unit operationally coupled to a transmitter coil that is configured transmit power and/ or data signal over a wireless transcutaneous link,  a coil unit comprising a loop structure with the transmitter coil being wound around and along at least a part of length of the loop structure,  and a fixation unit configured to attach the loop structure to a user' s body i) proximal to an implantable receiver coil that is configured to be implanted within a body part,  and ii) around a body part of a user such that a part of the body part is positioned in a hollow section of the loop structure. The implantable unit includes the implantable receiver coil configured to receive the power and/ or data signal over the wireless transcutaneous link,  a processing unit configured to i) process the received data signal to control functionalities of at least one of the components of the implantable unit,  and/ or ii) utilize the received power for operation of at least one of the components of the implantable unit. The wireless transcutaneous link includes a coupling between the transmitter coil and the receiver coil,  and when the loop structure is attached using the fixation unit,  at least a substantial number of magnetic field lines generated in response to excitation of the transmitter coil passes through the implantable receiver coil.
申请日：2018-07-30
申请人：Oticon Medical A/S
11、METHOD FOR PREPARING A GRAFT COPOLYMER WITH A POLYOLEFIN BACKBONE AND POLYORGANOSILOXANE PENDANT GROUPS
摘要：A method for preparing a graft copolymer having a polyolefin backbone and polyorganosiloxane pendant groups can be catalyzed by a Lewis Acid catalyst,  Piers- Rubenstzjan catalyst,  or hydrosilylation reaction catalyst. The graft copolymer prepared by the method is useful as a thermoplastic elastomer or as a compatibilizer in compositions containing both a polyolefin and a polyorganosiloxane.
申请日：2018-07-18
申请人：DOW SILICONES CORPORATION
12、女性内衣虚拟设计设备与系统
摘要：女性内衣虚拟设计设备与系统，包括穿戴装置1、头戴设备2、智能终端4、云服务器3、应用程序、设计师，其中，穿戴装置1为文胸外形的道具，设置多个独立可控充气抽气系统17，模拟松紧、提升挤压、增大、按摩体验，由内置传感器将数据传输到云服务器3，用户在虚拟现实环境下，设计内衣。
申请日：2018-06-29
申请人：厦门波耐模型设计有限责任公司
13、HUMAN-MACHINE INTERACTION METHOD BASED ON VISUAL STIMULATIONS
摘要：A human-machine interaction method based on visual stimulations. The method can be applied to multiple new technical fields of display,  which comprise but are not limited to the fields of virtual reality (VR),  augmented reality (AR),  mixed reality (MR),  holographic projection and glasses-free 3D. The system consists of three parts :  a human body biological collection apparatus,  a software client for human-machine interaction and a display terminal. Input ports of the software client are connected to a human body physiological signal collection device (in a wired or wireless manner);  a user wears the collection device,  and communication ports of the client are respectively connected to communication ports of a display module by means of a multichannel communication module. Firstly,  the system is initialized,  and then starts to run based on a control method of visual stimulations (an object flicker or distortion). If a target is a text input target,  an interface is switched to a text input interface,  and texts are inputted by using a physiological signal detection algorithm for a human body. If the target is not a text input target,  the type of information is determined by using a detection algorithm of a specific physiological signal and visual stimulation feedback information,  so as to complete the interaction. Search and switching can be performed among text input boxes,  selection options and multiple directories,  and a bottom layer of the directories can be reached,  so as to select a target.
申请日：2018-06-22
申请人：SOUTH CHINA UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY
14、DIGITAL SIGNAL PROCESSING USING SLIDING WINDOWED INFINITE FOURIER TRANSFORM
摘要：Systems and methods for digital signal processing using a sliding windowed infinite Fourier transform (“SWIFT”) algorithm are described. A discrete-time Fourier transform (“DTFT”) of an input signal is computed over an infinite-length temporal window that is slid from one sample in the input signal to the next. The DTFT with the temporal window at a given sample point is effectively calculated by phase shifting and decaying the DTFT calculated when the temporal window was positioned at the previous sample point and adding the current sample to the result. The SWIFT algorithms are stable and allow for improved computational efficiency,  improved frequency resolution,  improved sampling,  reduced memory requirements,  and reduced spectral leakage.
申请日：2018-06-15
申请人：REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA
15、Method and Apparatus for Entraining Signals
摘要：Methods and apparatus configured to allow for users to intentionally interface with an external signal are provided. The methods and apparatus incorporate a randomly-generated electronic signal the behavior of which may be influenced to provide a control output. The methods and apparatus provide a temporal coherence measure influenced by a user that improves the ability to discriminate between intentionality and non-intentionality,  and allow for the control of switching,  communication,  feedback and mechanical movement.
申请日：2018-05-30
申请人：Interchange Laboratories Inc
16、METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR ENTRAINING SIGNALS
摘要：Methods and apparatus configured to allow for users to intentionally interface with an external signal are provided. The methods and apparatus incorporate a randomly- generated electronic signal the behavior of which may be influenced to provide a control output. The methods and apparatus provide a temporal coherence measure influenced by a user that improves the ability to discriminate between intentionality and non- intentionality,  and allow for the control of switching,  communication,  feedback and mechanical movement.
申请日：2018-05-30
申请人：INTERCHANGE LABORATORIES INC
17、伺寝机器人物联网系统
摘要：伺寝机器人物联网系统由伺寝机器人本体和物联网系统组成，其中，伺寝机器人本体包含环境监测、生理监测、睡眠监测、声光电控制、智能储物柜、中央数据处理、机械臂，物联网系统感知并执行伺寝机器人指令，满足用户寝室活动需求。
申请日：2018-05-23
申请人：厦门波耐模型设计有限责任公司
18、SELECTIVE DRY ETCHING OF METAL FILMS COMPRISING MULTIPLE METAL OXIDES
摘要：A process to selectively etch a substrate surface comprising multiple metal oxides comprising exposing the substrate surface to a halogenation agent,  and then exposing the substrate surface to a ligand transfer agent. The etch rate of the metals in the multiple metal oxides is substantially uniform.
申请日：2018-05-22
申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC
19、轻量入耳式睡眠分期系统
摘要：本发明公开了一种轻量入耳式睡眠分期系统，包括信号采集模块，信号处理模块，信号分离模块以及睡眠分期模块，信号采集模块连接信号处理模块，信号处理模块连接信号分离模块，信号分离模块连接睡眠分期模块；信号采集模块用于信采集耳内混合的单通道生物电号，信号处理模块将单通道生物电信号转换为数字信号；信号分离模块将基于非负矩阵分解的模型与通过训练过程学习的源特定信息相结合将数字信号分离为脑电信号、眼电信号以及面部肌肉电信号三种生物信号；睡眠分期模块通过分类器分析脑电信号、眼电信号以及面部肌肉电信号三种生物信号的特征属性得出睡眠分期结果，该系统可以对人体的睡眠进行分期。
申请日：2018-04-19
申请人：广西欣歌拉科技有限公司
20、MECHANISMS FOR CHEMICAL SENSE RESPONSE IN MIXED REALITY
摘要：Apparatus,  systems,  or methods for mixed reality with chemical sense response are disclosed herein. In embodiments,  an apparatus for a mixed reality computing with chemical sense response may include monitor logic and distribution logic. The monitor logic may collect data about a user' s response to a first set of stimulations to represent an actual chemical sense response by the user with respect to the first set of stimulations. Based on the collected data,  a variance between the actual chemical sense response by the user with respect to the first set of stimulations,  and a desired chemical sense response for the user with respect to the first set of stimulations may be determined. The distribution logic,  including circuitry,  may deliver to the user a second set of stimulations. Other embodiments may also be described and claimed.
申请日：2018-03-29
申请人：Intel Corporation
21、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR CORRECTING ERROR IN A FIRST CLASSIFIER BY EVALUATING CLASSIFIER OUTPUT IN PARALLEL
摘要：Systems and methods for classifying a test object are provided. For each respective target object in a plurality of target objects,  a first procedure is performed comprising (a) posing the test object against the respective target thereby obtaining an interaction between the test and target,  and (b) scoring the interaction with a first classifier. Each such score across the plurality of targets forms a test vector that is inputted into a second classifier thereby obtaining an indication of a target object. The second classifier is trained on training vectors,  each being the output from instances of the first classifier after inputting a corresponding training object in a plurality of training objects in accordance with the first procedure. Each object in one subset of the training objects is uniquely associated with one of the targets. Another subset of the training objects is not associated with the targets.
申请日：2018-03-27
申请人：ATOMWISE INC
22、EDGE DEVICES,  SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR PROCESSING EXTREME DATA
摘要：Systems,  devices and methods are provided that can make distributed and autonomous decision science based recommendations,  decisions,  and actions that increasingly become smarter and faster over time. The system includes intelligent computing devices,  networks,  electronic devices and other intelligent components or devices,  including intelligent transceivers,  receivers,  and buses. Each of these intelligent devices can optionally have the ability to transmit and receive new data or decision science,  software,  data,  and metadata to other intelligent devices and third party components and devices so that data or decision science,  whether real-time,  batch,  or manual processing,  can be updated and data or decision science driven queries,  recommendations and autonomous actions can be broadcasted to other intelligent devices and third party systems in real-time.
申请日：2018-03-15
申请人：FACET LABS LLC
23、CU-AND NI-CATALYZED DECARBOXYLATIVE BORYLATION REACTIONS
摘要：The invention is directed to methods of converting a carboxylic acid group in a compound,  via a redox active ester,  to a corresponding boronic ester by treatment with bis(pinacolato)diboron-alkyllithium complex in the presence of a ligand,  a Ni(ll) salt or a copper salt,  and an Mg(ll) salt,  in the presence of an alkyllithium or a lithium hydroxide or alkoxide salt. The product pinacolato boronate ester can be cleaved to provide a boronic acid. The invention is also directed to methods of preparing various compounds of medical value comprising boronic acid groups,  and to novel boronic-acid containing compounds of medicinal value,  including an atorvastatin boronic acid analog,  a vancomycin aglycone boronic acid analog,  and boronic acid containing elastase inhibitors mCBK319,  mCBK320,  mCBK323,  and RPX-7009.
申请日：2018-03-14
申请人：THE SCRIPPS RESEARCH INSTITUTE
24、基于VR的视听触觉多模态手功能康复方法
摘要：一种基于VR的视听触觉多模态手功能康复训练方法。本方法采用的系统包括用户及其脑电信号采集和处理系统、虚拟现实多模态反馈训练系统。用户及其脑电信号采集和处理系统实时采集用户脑电波信号，首先进行滤波预处理，然后使用共空间模式算法进行特征提取，分析用户是否有运动想象意图，并将分类结果通过TCP/IP通讯传输给虚拟现实多模态反馈训练系统；虚拟现实多模态反馈训练系统主要包括：1)VR训练场景的设计2)视听触觉多模态反馈的实现。此外，训练时还可以选择背景音乐，结合电刺激仪，形成触感感受，最终实现视听触觉多模态反馈。
申请日：2018-03-06
申请人：上海大学
25、基于小波多分辨率复杂网络的脑电极优化方法及其应用
摘要：一种基于小波多分辨率复杂网络的脑电极优化方法及其应用，通过便携式EEG脑电采集设备获取刺激图片诱发的SSVEP脑电信号，使用小波多分辨率复杂网络优化关键电极，并用实验脑电信号构建SVM支持向量机，用此支持向量机进行分类识别。本发明能够基于小波多分辨率复杂网络分析理论，找到起关键作用的电极，提高脑电数据的传输、处理效率；能够实现16自由度的控制，使得用户的控制更加精细、多样化；采用高频SSVEP，会产生闪烁融合效应使得使用者主观上感觉不到闪烁，但在脑电信号中仍可检测到SSVEP高频响应，大大降低了视觉疲劳。实现智能轮椅控制。
申请日：2018-02-28
申请人：天津大学
26、基于模态迁移复杂网络的机器人智能意念控制方法
摘要：一种基于模态迁移复杂网络的机器人智能意念控制方法：通过机器人中每个机器人携带的图片采集设备，获取周围环境信息，使机器人具备目标识别功能；采集被试者注视视觉激励界面中闪烁图片时诱发的4电极SSVEP脑电信号，通过WiFi无线传输至上位机；使用多元经验模态分解方法对获得的4电极SSVEP脑电信号进行处理，并结合模态迁移复杂网络分析理论，实现对SSVEP脑电信号的准确分类，反推被试者注视的视觉激励图片，进而生成机器人编队控制指令，实现机器人智能意念控制。本发明使得机器人可选择的方向目标更为丰富。对信号的分析处理能力强，识别控制准确率高。
申请日：2018-02-28
申请人：天津大学
27、便携式脑电采集设备及其在SSVEP和运动想象中的应用
摘要：一种便携式脑电采集设备及其在SSVEP和运动想象中的应用，设备包括：用于提供电源的系统供电电路，及依次连接的脑电极帽转接线、PGA放大电路、AD转换器、STM32处理器和WIFI模块。将压缩感知理论嵌入便携式脑电采集设备当中，在保证数据精度的前提下，很好地提升了数据的传输效率。在SSVEP和运动想象中的应用包括：用有限穿越可视图复杂网络对SSVEP脑电信号或运动想象EEG脑电信号进行数据分析，结合传统的机器学习以及深度学习理论，能够有效提高意念控制过程中的准确率，便携式脑电采集设备在更广泛领域的应用提供了可能。
申请日：2018-02-28
申请人：天津大学
28、融合递归图与深度学习的多目标SSVEP意念控制法及应用
摘要：一种融合递归图与深度学习的多目标SSVEP意念控制法及应用，增加相位信息，设计多目标SSVEP脑电实验刺激界面；获取8个以上被试者中每一个被试者经n个刺激图片诱发的n种SSVEP脑电信号；得到8个以上被试者在不同刺激图片诱发下的脑电信号的递归图；为每一个递归图设定标签作为样本，构建数据集；搭建和优化深度卷积神经网络模型结构及参数，确定能够用于有效分类由不同刺激图片诱发的SSVEP脑电信号的递归图的深度卷积神经网络模型；将新的被试者SSVEP脑电信号经相空间重构后，以递归图形式输入优化后的深度卷积神经网络模型，实现多目标SSVEP脑电信号准确分类；生成意念控制指令，实现多目标意念控制。本发明适合在多目标的复杂控制领域中应用。
申请日：2018-02-28
申请人：天津大学
29、A Portable System for Brain Multi-Tasking
摘要：AS ATTACHED
申请日：2018-02-26
申请人：Hanif Sohrab
30、THERAPY FOR KINASE-DEPENDENT MALIGNANCIES
摘要：A pharmaceutically acceptable composition and method of therapy for a kinase-dependent malignancy in a patient in need of such therapy is provided. The composition contains,  as the only active agents,  the combination of (a) an inhibitor of c-Fos,  (b) an inhibitor of Dusp-1,  and (c) an inhibitor of a tyrosine kinase. The composition is administered to the patient in a dosing regimen for a period sufficient to provide therapy for kinase-dependent malignancy. Also provided is a method to eradicate leukemia initiating cells (LIC) or cancer stem cells (CSC) in a patient being treated with a tyrosine kinase inhibitor.
申请日：2018-02-20
申请人：CHILDREN' S HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER
31、NANOPARTICULATE MATERIALS AND METHODS FOR TARGETING IRON ACQUISITION AND METABOLISM FOR TREATING BACTERIAL INFECTIONS
摘要：Novel biocompatible nanoparticles preferably based on a calcium or gallium analogue of Prussian blue,  or independently an analogue of magnesium,  or aluminum were designed and synthesized to take advantage of their ability to penetrate the bacterial cell membrane of the invading pathogen in an animal such as a human in both Gram-positive bacteria (e.g. Staphylococcus aureus) and Gram-negative bacteria (e.g. Pseudomonas aeruginosa),  and undergo selective ion exchange with intracellular iron to disrupt iron metabolism in such pathogenic bacteria for antibacterial applications.
申请日：2018-02-17
申请人：KENT STATE UNIVERSITY
32、CHINESE CHARACTER SKELETON CODE INPUT METHOD AND SYSTEM HAVING SUGGESTION SCREEN INTERFACE
摘要：A Chinese character skeleton code input method having a suggestion screen interface. The method comprises :  1) sorting,  according to character shape characteristics of Chinese characters,  the Chinese characters into corresponding skeleton types,  grouping Chinese characters having the same skeleton type,  arranging the same according to a fixed rule,  and representing respective skeleton types using representative characters to generate a skeleton type table and respective symbol sets within each type;  2) displaying,  by a computer,  the representative characters of the respective skeleton types and all or a part of skeleton characters thereof,  and displaying suggestion interfaces on different "virtual key" regions;  and 3) receiving an input of a representative character of a required skeleton type or a specific character selected by a user from within a type. Also provided is a fast,  intuitive and efficient Chinese character skeleton code input method having a suggestion screen interface.
申请日：2018-02-12
申请人：ZONG Gang
33、PRESSURE-BASED,  INTENT-ACTIVATED,  SELF-ACTUATING,  3D-PRINTED,  EXTENDABLE PROSTHETIC ARM
摘要：ABSTRACT OF INVENTION The main objective of this invention is to support users of prosthetic arm with intent-driven self- actuating prosthetic mechanism.We want this invention to be affordable and reach millions of potential beneficiaries of such prosthetic arms in this country and all over the world. Our invention uses a pressure-based sensor to detect and interpret intent of action in the amputated limb and converts the same through an electronic system into an appropriate stimulus to the prosthetic arm. The design obviates body-implanted electrodes or external wiring or transmitters,  instead has the entire sensory system located at the amputated joint itself and concealed. Muscular contractions and relaxations that are linked to a persons intent to perform an action with his limb are detected,  and stimulus sent to the electronic mechanism to trigger the required locomotive response action. The electronic mechanism is housed inside the prosthetic arm that is 3D-printed to fit to the exact geometry of users arm stub. The custom-built 3D- printed arm can be quickly and easily replaced at low cost. This first-of-a-kind invention brings together intention detection,  automated response of the prosthetic arm,  excellent fitment of the device with the amputated limb at various stages of body growth,  all in an aesthetically appealing,  light-weight prosthetic arm. The user can grasp,  hold and release objects at his will. The novelty of this invention is the modularity of the prosthetic arm size through continuous and step-based extension,  3D-printing the prosthetic arm with a combination of soft and hard materials for a perfect fit,  and interface for tactile sensory functions. Our invention senses intent of movement and converts that into kinematics thereby helping the user perform daily life activities such as holding,  lifting,  touching,  waving and grasping. This invention can address the needs of prosthetic limb users nationally and internationally. It enhances self- confidence,  social acceptance and brings back self-reliance into the life of the affected person
申请日：2018-02-08
申请人：SUDDEKUNTE NANJUNDARAO RAVI SHANKAR; NANJUNDASWAMY ASHA; KRISHNAPPA GURURAJ; MYSORE LAKSHMISHA HARSHA
34、Motor Training
摘要：A method for motor training comprising :  receiving from one or more sensors an orientation of a head mounted display of the subject;  adapting a base video signal representing an avatar of the subject in a virtual reality to be displayed on the head mounted display wherein the avatar comprises a virtual limb corresponding to the limb that is injured;  and sending the base video signal to the head mounted display for visualization. The method further comprises in response to a trigger signal from the subject,  sending an exercise video signal representing the avatar in the virtual reality performing an exercise to start the visual rendering of the exercise in the head mounted display,  even though the corresponding real limb is substantially immobile and provides no input at all. Such exercise is aimed at rehabilitation of the limb from the injury with the virtual limb corresponding to the immobile limb and it is displayed taking into account the orientation of the head mounted display. A computer program and computing systems for providing a treatment session for motor training are also disclosed.
申请日：2018-01-30
申请人：UNIVERSITAT DE BARCELONA; INSTITUCIÓ CATALANA DE RECERCA I ESTUDIS AVANÇATS; INSTITUT D' INVESTIGACIONS BIOMÈDIQUES AUGUST PI I SUNYER (IDIBAPS)
35、SECURE SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE FOR INTEGRATED MOTORIZED MOBILE SYSTEMS
摘要：Systems and methods are disclosed herein for secure communication of data between motorized mobile systems (MMS) and external devices,  systems,  networks,  and servers. The data may include one or more of user,  health,  environment,  and system data retrieved from one or more sensors located in,  on,  and around an MMS. The MMS stores and/or transmits the sensor data using secure protocols when the sensor data relates to personal information,  such as personal health data,  to protect the privacy of the user.
申请日：2018-01-26
申请人：Patroness LLC
36、DIGITAL ANATOMICAL VIRTUAL EXTREMITIES FOR RE-TRAINING PHYSICAL MOVEMENT
摘要：Aspects of the disclosure include methods and systems for pre-action training. In an aspect,  a method is presented for constructing a user-controllable image comprising obtaining anatomical and physiological data associated with a body,  storing the anatomical and physiological data in a database;  and creating the user-controllable image based on the stored anatomical and physiological data. The user-controllable image may be configurable to a user. At least a moveable portion of the user-controllable image may be constructed to move based on input from a user. The user-controllable image may be constructed to enable pre-action training of the user. As such,  victims of traumatic brain injury or other neurological setbacks may pre-train their nervous system for use of one or more injured body parts. Additionally,  the methods and systems described provide pre-action training control of non-virtual prostheses,  exoskeleton body parts,  powered orthotic devices,  robots or other motile or audiovisual output devices.
申请日：2018-01-25
申请人：Vincent J Macri; Vincent James Macri; Paul Zilber
37、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR SENSORY AND COGNITIVE PROFILING
摘要：Methods,  devices,  and systems are disclosed for producing cognitive and/or sensory profiles. In one aspect,  a method to provide a cognitive or sensory assessment of a subject includes selecting a profile category from among a cognitive performance profile,  a sensory performance profile,  and a cognitive and sensory performance profile,  presenting a sequence of stimuli to a subject,  the sequence of stimuli based on the selected profile category,  acquiring physiological signals of the subject before,  during,  and after the presenting the sequence of stimuli to produce physiological data,  and processing the physiological data to generate an information set including one or more quantitative values associated with the selected profile category.
申请日：2018-01-24
申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA; THE SALK INSTITUTE FOR BIOLOGICAL STUDIES
38、THERAPY FOR LEUKEMIA
摘要：A pharmaceutically acceptable composition and method for leukemia therapy in a patient in need of such therapy. The composition contains,  as the only active agents,  the combination of (a) an inhibitor of c-Fos,  (b) an inhibitor of Dusp-1,  and (c) an inhibitor of BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase. The composition is administered to the patient in a dosing regimen for a period sufficient to provide therapy for leukemia.
申请日：2018-01-10
申请人：CHILDREN' S HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER
39、DETERMINING WELLNESS USING ACTIVITY DATA
摘要：Methods and apparatus comprise a model to accurately assess and track changes in physical activity and locomotor patterns measured by an activity sensor such as accelerometer or step counter of mobile and wearable devices to evaluate the age,  hazard rate or hazard ratio,  frailty,  obesity and type 2 diabetes status. The model is capable of detecting age-related and age- independent hazard rate or hazard ratio and other related parameters such as age,  biological age,  frailty,  obesity and type 2 diabetes status that are detectable in activity sensor data acquired from freely moving subjects engaged in routine activities. The disclosed methods and apparatus have sufficient accuracy for practical implementation in personal and corporate wellness with readily available mobile devices such as personal smartphones and wristbands.
申请日：2017-12-12
申请人：LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY "GERO"
40、PROCESS AND TECHNIQUES FOR PORTABLE,  ELECTROENCEPHALOGRAPHY (EEG) BASED PAIN CLASSIFICATION AND MONITORING TOWARDS DIAGNOSTICS
摘要：Disclosed is a system using electroencephalography (EEG),  for the classification of pain sensations as pain type (such as neuropathic,  somatic etc.;  location of pain etc.),  and intensity towards a diagnostic aid,  composed of a device which is portable,  and consisting of at least one electrode,  transmission module (Bluetooth/Wi-Fi),  and a classifier system to be used with a linked computing device,  like a smart phone. Raw bioelectric data is processed,  de-noised and classified. Pain signatures are constructed from a normative database,  comprising of annotated EEG data of pain and non-pain states of individuals with pain associated diagnosed conditions and normal controls,  subjected to training,  testing and validation for the purpose of identification of pain states in individuals towards a diagnostic aid. The output requires no specialist for result interpretation,  may be linked to an alarm system,  and is displayed as the subject?s pain state on a GUI.
申请日：2017-11-01
申请人：Reshma Bhatnagar
41、BRAIN IMAGE VISUALIZATION
摘要：This idea presents a subjective view on the work that has been done combining machine learning with brain image visualization to advance the understanding of brains analytical capability to identify and imagine objects through sound,  motions,  or emotions and thereby applying the same concepts to a computer and displaying the objects or thoughts generated by the brain onto the computer screen. As we humans,  learn anything step by step by gathering necessary information and then picturing(visualizing) it for understanding purpose,  so will the computer,  using a lot of datasets. It will also analyze each process step by step and picturize it by comparing with the data in its dataset. After acquiring enough data the computer shall then generate a pattern based on the observations collected,  each time it comes across a word or a thought,  it shall then compare it with the signal pattern that had been generated earlier. Also this invention shows the possibility of future development of this technology for a more realistic and intellectual robots or humanoids that can help mankind.
申请日：2017-09-29
申请人：PROF NISHA V KIMMATKAR; ANSON ANTONY; ABHISHEK RAJ; SAHIL YUVRAJ BHIRUD
42、ELECTRICAL INSULATION SYSTEM BASED ON EPOXY RESINS FOR GENERATORS AND MOTORS
摘要：Disclosed is an anhydride-free insulation system for current-carrying construction parts of an electric engine which comprises :  (A) a mica paper or mica tape for wrapping parts of said electric engine that are potentially current-carrying during operation of the engine,  which mica paper or mica tape is impregnable via vacuum pressure impregnation with a thermally curable epoxy resin formulation and comprises a complex of boron trihalogenide with an amine of the formula BX3. NR1R2R3 or R1R2N-A-NR1 R2,  wherein X denotes halogen,  R1,  R2 and R3 are each independently of the others hydrogen,  C1-C12alkyl,  C5-C30aryl,  C6-C36aralkyl or C6-C14cycloalkyl,  which can be unsubstituted or substituted by one or more C1- C12alkyl groups,  A is a bivalent aliphatic aromatic or cycloaliphatic radical;  (B) a thermally curable bath formulation for the vacuum pressure impregnation comprising bisphenol A diglycidyl ether and optionally bisphenol F diglycidyl ether,  which formulation is substantially or,  preferably,  entirely free of thermally activatable curing initiators for the epoxy resin formulation.
申请日：2017-09-25
申请人：HUNTSMAN ADVANCED MATERIALS LICENSING (SWITZERLAND) GMBH; ISOVOLTA AG
43、下肢类脑智能机械电子外骨骼及其综合控制系统
摘要：本发明涉及一种下肢类脑智能机械电子外骨骼及其综合控制系统，其技术特点是：包括重心调整装置、多个电子机械关节、多个连接杆、多个外骨骼、足部固定鞋和足底传感器；所述重心调整装置安装在腰部连接杆上，所述腰部连接杆、髋部电子机械关节、大腿外骨骼、大腿连接杆、膝部电子机械关节、小腿外骨骼、小腿连接杆、踝部电子机械关节依次相连接；电子机械关节内安装有关节角度及阻尼传感器并通过相应的关节机械驱动装置驱动产生动作。本发明设计合理，能够精确地感应各种动作并据此实现相应控制功能，同时，通过重心调整装置自动调整下肢平衡，保证行走的稳定性和可靠性，可有效地解决下肢功能丧失患者的康复效果缓慢的问题。
申请日：2017-09-21
申请人：臧大维; 郑勇
44、基于脑电的有人/无人机集群编队VR仿真方法及系统
摘要：本发明涉及航空航天领域的仿真平台开发，为提出一种能够支持有人/无人机集群编队控制算法验证的仿真平台。基于脑电的有人/无人机集群编队VR仿真方法及系统，实时仿真Simulink Real Time目标机负责Matlab仿真程序的实时仿真功能，通过以太网与仿真平台管理计算机连接，仿真平台管理计算机将MATLAB程序下载到目标机中，目标机运行MATLAB程序，并将仿真结果实时发送给仿真平台管理计算机，并在该计算机上进行显示和数据保存；每台Simulink Real Time目标机+嵌入式控制器代表一台无人机；嵌入式控制器运行无人机控制算法，计算出控制信号。本发明主要应用于航空航天模拟场合。
申请日：2017-09-07
申请人：天津大学
45、SYSTEM AND METHODS FOR PROCESSING NEURAL SIGNALS
摘要：Systems and methods for processing neural signals are provided. A neural data analysis system may comprise a feature extraction module configured to (1) extract a plurality of features from neural signal waveforms obtained by an implanted neural interface probe with a plurality of channels or electrodes,  wherein the plurality of features are extracted from the neural signal waveforms without requiring prior digitization of the neural signal waveforms,  and (2) to transmit the extracted features as a plurality of discrete outputs. The neural data analysis system may also comprise a feature-event coalescence module configured to :  (1) receive the plurality of discrete outputs from the feature extraction module,  and (2) construct a model-based inference of bioelectric activity based on feature-event statistics,  prior knowledge of bioelectric signals,  and/or a behavioral model of the feature-extraction module. The neural data analysis system may further comprise an approximator module configured to (1) receive a plurality of coalesced events from the feature-event coalescence module,  and (2) apply a series of transformations to the coalesced event data to generate a higher entropy neural code,  wherein the neural code comprises a representation of ensemble activity of a plurality of neurons recorded by the system.
申请日：2017-08-25
申请人：PARADROMICS INC; EDGINGTON Robert
46、VISUAL PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT
摘要：Social remote eye screening and monitoring gamification through integration of modular assessments of visual function into the objectives of interactive games to encourage compliance to testing instructions to facilitate improved fidelity,  remote frequent reassessment/ trending,  and/or automated interpretation. These are developed on any platform,  including virtual and/or 3-dimensional gaming platforms which include immersive and deep-dive gaming technology platforms such as virtual reality,  augmented reality or mixed reality. This novel process will also be deployed on any future platforms that involve headsets or image projections that physically surround users with virtual stimuli.
申请日：2017-08-16
申请人：GUNASEKERAN Dinesh Visva
47、ULTRA-SOFT COATINGS FOR INTERFACES WITH BRAIN AND OTHER SOFT TISSUES
摘要：A soft conductive composition can include :  a crosslinked silicone composition;  and single-walled or multi-walled carbon nanotubes in the silicone composition. A neural probe or other implant can include the soft conducive composition on a least a portion of the implant body. A method of making an implant can include :  selecting PDMS precursors;  cross-linking the PDMS precursor to obtain an elastic modulus of about 3-9 kPa or +/- 1%,  5%,  10%,  20%,  or 50%;  selecting the carbon nanotubes;  introducing the carbon nanotubes into the crosslinked PDMS to form a soft conductive composite composition;  and coating the soft conductive composite composition onto at least a portion of an implant. A method of measuring properties at a neural interface can include :  providing a neural probe having a soft conductive composition;  implanting the neural probe having the soft conductive composition at a neural interface;  and measuring a property with the neural probe.
申请日：2017-08-04
申请人：ARIZONA BOARD OF REGENTS ON BEHALF OF ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY
48、NEURAL NETWORK BASED BRAIN SIGNALING EMOTION RECOGNITION & HAND GESTURE RECOGNITION FOR PARALYTIC PERSON THROUGH A MICROCHIP
摘要：Present invention provides neural network based brain signaling emotion recognition & hand gesture recognition for paralytic person through a micro chip. The invention provides a low cost system that helps to understand the brain signals and control machine through these signals. Thus the intended output is asystem that recognizes the emotions and hand recognition systems of different objects generally for patients whose sensory/motor neuron system are damaged. The system according to the present invention consists of sensors,  Micro-chip,  Nano-chip,  Headcover,  Machine (well equipped with various software),  Wires,  Transistors and Analog Digital Systems.
申请日：2017-08-01
申请人：AMITY UNIVERSITY
49、CONTROL OF MEIOTIC CROSSOVER IN MAIZE
摘要：The present disclosure provides methods for increasing meiotic recombination in crop plants,  as well as plants and seeds produced by such methods.
申请日：2017-06-29
申请人：COLD SPRING HARBOR LABORATORY; CAMBRIDGE ENTERPRISE LIMITED
50、ATOMIC LAYER ETCHING ON MICRODEVICES AND NANODEVICES
摘要：The present invention relates to the unexpected discovery of novel methods of preparing nanodevices and/or microdevices with predetermined patterns. In one aspect,  the methods of the invention allow for engineering structures and films with continuous thickness equal to or less than 50 nm.
申请日：2017-05-25
申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO A BODY CORPORATE; DRS NETWORK IMAGING SYSTEMS LLC
51、ENHANCEMENT OF THERMAL ATOMIC LAYER ETCHING
摘要：The invention includes a method of promoting atomic layer etching (ALE) of a surface. In certain embodiments,  the method comprises sequential reactions with a metal precursor and a halogen-containing gas. In other embodiments,  the etching rate is increased by removing residual species bound to and/or adsorbed onto the surface.
申请日：2017-05-23
申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO A BODY CORPORATE
52、DIRECT FORMATION OF HEXAGONAL BORON NITRIDE ON SILICON BASED DIELECTRICS
摘要：A scalable process for fabricating graphene/hexagonal boron nitride (h-BN) heterostructures is disclosed herein. The process includes (BN)XHy-radical interfacing with active sites on silicon nitride coated silicon (Si3N4/Si) surfaces for nucleation and growth of large-area,  uniform and ultrathin h-BN directly on Si3N4/Si substrates (B/N atomic ratio = 1 : 1.11±0.09). Further,  monolayer graphene van der Waals bonded with the produced h-BN surface benefits from h-BN' s reduced roughness (3.4 times) in comparison to Si3N4/Si. Because the reduced surface roughness leads to reduction in surface roughness scattering and charge impurity scattering,  therefore an enhanced intrinsic charge carrier mobility (3 folds) for graphene on h-BN/Si3N4/Si is found.
申请日：2017-04-28
申请人：SUNEDISON SEMICONDUCTOR LIMITED; BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS
53、SYSTEM FOR AFFECTING BEHAVIOR OF A SUBJECT
摘要：A system for modifying behavior of a subject is provided. The system comprises :  an input assembly configured to receive input data;  a data analyzer configured to receive the input data from the input assembly,  analyze the input data and produce a behavioral modification regimen based on the input data;  and an output assembly configured to receive the behavioral modification regimen from the data analyzer and produce output data based on the behavioral modification regimen. The output data is configured to modify behavior of the subject. Methods of modifying behavior of a subject are also provided.
申请日：2017-04-14
申请人：NUNES Nancy; FLAHERTY J Christopher
54、车型机器人控制系统及方法
摘要：本发明提供车型机器人控制系统及方法，系统包括：脑电信号采集装置、信号处理装置、控制装置和设有以不同固定频率闪烁分别代表加速、减速和停止的三个信号灯的车型机器人R；脑电信号采集装置采集用户想象R进行某特征运动时的运动想象脑电信号EEG1和用户注视R上某信号灯时的SSVEP信号并发给信号处理装置；信号处理装置若接收EEG1，获取对应控制指令并发给控制装置，使其将控制指令发给R以控制R进行特征运动，若接收SSVEP信号，获取对应调整指令并发给控制装置，使其将调整指令发给R以控制R进行用户注视的信号灯所代表的运动调整。可实现肢体残障人士在不借助他人帮助情况下控制车型机器人进行自由移动或运输物品。
申请日：2017-04-13
申请人：中国农业大学
55、METHOD OF SELECTIVE ETCHING ON EPITAXIAL FILM ON SOURCE/DRAIN AREA OF TRANSISTOR
摘要：Methods for forming transistors are provided. A substrate is placed in a processing chamber,  and a plurality of epitaxial features is formed on the substrate. The epitaxial feature has at least a surface having the (110) plane and a surface having the (100) plane. An etchant or a gas mixture including an etchant and an etch enhancer or an etch suppressor is introduced into the processing chamber to remove a portion of the epitaxial feature. Etch selectivity between the surface having the (110) plane and the surface having the (100) plane can be tuned by varying the pressure within the processing chamber,  the ratio of the flow rate of the etchant or gas mixture to the flow rate of a carrier gas,  and/or the ratio of the flow rate of the etch enhancer or suppressor to the flow rate of the etchant.
申请日：2017-04-13
申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC
56、ADMINISTRATION OF WEB PAGE
摘要：Manipulation of a Web page displayed through a first device as a function of user interaction with a second device is contemplated. The manipulation may include operating the second device as a touchscreen or other gesture-based controllable device and automatically providing corresponding navigation within the Web page as a function of interactions registered through the second device.
申请日：2017-04-04
申请人：Cable Television Laboratories Inc
57、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR CORRECTING ERROR IN A FIRST CLASSIFIER BY EVALUATING CLASSIFIER OUTPUT IN PARALLEL
摘要：Systems and methods for classifying a test object are provided. For each respective target object in a plurality of target objects,  a first procedure is performed comprising (a) posing the test object against the respective target thereby obtaining an interaction between the test and target,  and (b) scoring the interaction with a first classifier. Each such score across the plurality of targets forms a test vector that is inputted into a second classifier thereby obtaining an indication of a target object. The second classifier is trained on training vectors,  each being the output from instances of the first classifier after inputting a corresponding training object in a plurality of training objects in accordance with the first procedure. Each object in one subset of the training objects is uniquely associated with one of the targets. Another subset of the training objects is not associated with the targets.
申请日：2017-03-30
申请人：Atomwise Inc
58、METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR DISTINGUISHING OPTIMAL VISUAL STIMULATION
摘要：According to an embodiment of the present invention,  a method for distinguishing an optimal visual stimulus comprises the steps of :  outputting a plurality of first visual stimuli flickering with different predetermined frequencies in a screen of an output device;  measuring steady-state visually evoked potentials (SSVEP) generated by the plurality of first visual stimuli from a user keeping eyes on the output device;  measuring visual fatigue by the plurality of first stimuli from the user keeping eyes on the output device;  and distinguishing n number of first visual stimuli suitable for the user to use among the plurality of first visual stimuli based on the SSVEP and the visual fatigue measured by the user for each of the plurality of first visual stimuli.(200) SSVEP measuring apparatus(300) Visual fatigue measuring apparatus(400) Computing apparatusCOPYRIGHT KIPO 2018
申请日：2017-03-28
申请人：SEOUL NATIONAL UNIVERSITY R DB FOUNDATION; FOUNDATION FOR RESEARCH AND BUSINESS SEOUL NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
59、ELECTROPHYSIOLOGY MEASUREMENT AND TRAINING AND REMOTE DATABASED AND DATA ANALYSIS MEASUREMENT METHOD AND SYSTEM
摘要：A method and system provides for electrophysiological data analysis in a networked processing environment. The method and system includes receiving,  via a networked connection,  electrophysiological data of a patient and electronically performing,  via at least one network processing device,  a data analysis on the electrophysiological data. The method and system includes generating at least one report based on the data analysis,  wherein the at least one report includes determination of one or more intervention options for the patient and therein transmitting the report to a recipient device across the network connection for utilization with the patient. The results of the report direct the user to apply from within the same system non-invasive brain stimulation,  neurofeedback,  and biofeedback modalities. Re-assessment can occur from within the same system following the training or modulation of electrophysiology and thereby generate a comparison report showing functional changes from the provided intervention or combined interventions.
申请日：2017-03-13
申请人：Evoke Neuroscience Inc
60、CUSTOMIZATION OF HELP INFORMATION BASED ON EEG DATA
摘要：A method (100) is implemented by a computing device for helping a particular user use a user interface (UI). Electroencephalography (EEG) data is obtained (102) that indicates brain activity of a particular user during a period in which that user views the UI and/or interprets help information that describes how to use the UI. Based on the EEG data the computing device selects (104) from among multiple predefined cognitive states the one or more cognitive states that characterize the particular user during the period. The computing device assists (106) the particular user to use the UI by customizing the help information for the particular user based on the one or more selected cognitive states. A complementary computing device and computer program product are also disclosed.
申请日：2017-03-07
申请人：TELEFONAKTIEBOLAGET LM ERICSSON (PUBL)
61、INITIATING A CONTROL OPERATION IN RESPONSE TO A HEAD GESTURE
摘要：A computing device (100,  150) for initiating a control operation in response to a head gesture (112-114) performed by a user (110) of the computing device is provided. The computing device is operative to acquire Electroencephalogram (EEG) sensor data from EEG sensors (101) contacting a skin of the user,  detect a characteristic EEG data pattern in the acquired EEG data,  which characteristic EEG data pattern is associated with a control mode,  acquire motion sensor data from at least one motion sensor (102) attached to the head,  detect a characteristic movement of the head,  which characteristic movement is commensurate with the performed head gesture,  and initiate a control operation which is associated with the performed head gesture. The detected characteristic EEG pattern is commensurate with a specific mental gesture imagined by the user. The control operation may,  e.g.,  relate to control (121-124) play-out of media.
申请日：2017-02-06
申请人：TELEFONAKTIEBOLAGET LM ERICSSON (publ)
62、一种基于虚拟现实的脑电神经反馈干预系统及方法
摘要：本发明公开了一种基于虚拟现实的脑电神经反馈干预系统及方法，系统包括虚拟现实子系统(100)、脑电采集及控制子系统(200)，所述虚拟现实子系统与脑电采集及控制子系统通过无线或有线方式建立通讯连接，所述脑电采集及控制子系统(200)集成有经颅直流电刺激设备(300)，方法具体为首先采集静息态或者舒缓场景下患者的脑电信号并经过分析得到当前患者的脑电基线；其次针对不同的神经反馈训练目标，结合相应的VR脚本和剧情，采集分析患者脑电信号状态，得到脑电信号的瞬时能量值；然后根据脑电信号的瞬时能量值与脑电基线的对比结果，调整虚拟现实场景中参数特征，同时施加经颅直流电刺激，对患者进行康复训练。本发明将神经反馈技术与虚拟现实技术相结合，是一种可在真实交互场景中实时交互、实时体验、实时监测、治疗反馈、综合评估的神经反馈及虚拟现实一体化系统。
申请日：2017-01-24
申请人：武汉黑金科技有限公司
63、DISPERSING DATA TO BIOLOGICAL MEMORY SYSTEMS
摘要：A computing device includes an interface configured to interface and communicate with a dispersed or distributed storage network (DSN),  a memory that stores operational instructions,  and a processing module operably coupled to the interface and memory such that the processing module,  when operable within the computing device based on the operational instructions,  is configured to perform various operations including to process monitor signals received from sensors coupled to biological memory devices (BMDs) within the DSN to determine status of the plurality of BMDs that distributedly store encoded data slices (EDSs) associated with a data object. The computing device services data access requests associated with the data object for the EDS(s). For some instances of BMD status,  the computing device transfers EDS(s) from one portion of a BMD to another. For other instances of BMD status,  the computing device rebuilds or directs rebuilding of EDS(s).
申请日：2017-01-09
申请人：International Business Machines Corporation
64、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR OPERATING AND CONTROLLING A HYPER CONFIGURABLE HUMANOID ROBOT TO PERFORM MULTIPLE APPLICATIONS IN VARIOUS WORK ENVIRONMENTS
摘要：A processor implemented method for performing and controlling a humanoid robot is provided. The method includes the following steps :  (i) obtaining a data from a perception unit to analyze a work environmental conditions,  (ii) providing communication between (a) the humanoid robot and a cloud server,  and (b) the cloud server and one or more robots,  (iii) detecting an acquisition of image and distance information about the working environmental condition or one or more applications to create a map of the working environmental condition for navigation,  (iv) providing a feedback and control information to the humanoid robot,  and (v) providing an input to the humanoid robot based on the one or more sensors or the user devices or the user to perform a necessary action for the working environmental condition or the one or more applications.
申请日：2016-12-26
申请人：NIRANJAN CHANDRIKA GOVINDARAJAN
65、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR OPERATING AND CONTROLLING A HYPER CONFIGURABLE HUMANOID ROBOT TO PERFORM MULTIPLE APPLICATIONS IN VARIOUS WORK ENVIRONMENTS
摘要：A processor implemented method for performing and controlling a humanoid robot is provided. The method includes the following steps :  (i) obtaining a data from a perception unit to analyze a work environmental conditions,  (ii) providing communication between (a) the humanoid robot and a cloud server,  and (b) the cloud server and one or more robots,  (iii) detecting an acquisition of image and distance information about the working environmental condition or one or more applications to create a map of the working environmental condition for navigation,  (iv) providing a feedback and control information to the humanoid robot,  and (v) providing an input to the humanoid robot based on the one or more sensors or the user devices or the user to perform a necessary action for the working environmental condition or the one or more applications.
申请日：2016-12-26
申请人：GOVINDARAJAN Niranjan Chandrika
66、AUDIO RECORDING DEVICE FOR PRESENTING AUDIO SPEECH MISSED DUE TO USER NOT PAYING ATTENTION AND METHOD THEREOF
摘要：An audio recording device (100,  150) is provided. The audio recording device is operative to detect that a user (110) is paying attention to speech (121) captured by a microphone (101),  record the captured speech to which the user is paying attention,  detect that the user has stopped paying attention,  and render a representation of the recorded speech starting at a point in time when the user has stopped paying attention. The representation of the recorded speech may either be rendered audibly,  or by transcribing the recorded speech into text and displaying the transcribed text (123),  or a summary thereof,  to the user. The audio recording device is operative to detect that the user is paying attention to the captured speech by acquiring Electroencephalography (EEG) data captured by electrodes (102) which are attached to a body part of the user,  calculating a correlation between the acquired EEG data and the captured speech,  and determining that the user is paying attention to the captured speech if the calculated correlation is larger than an upper threshold value.
申请日：2016-12-15
申请人：TELEFONAKTIEBOLAGET LM ERICSSON (PUBL)
67、脑波监测评估学习效果的系统
摘要：本新型提供一种脑波监测评估学习效果的系统，系包括：一脑波撷取模组系用以撷取至少一使用者的一脑波资讯，并藉由一第一传输模组将该脑波资讯传输并储存於一第一储存模组；一动作撷取模组系用以撷取该至少一使用者的一动作资讯，并藉由一第二传输模组将该动作资讯传输并储存於一第二储存模组；一统计分析模组系读取该第一储存模组的该脑波资讯以及该第二储存模组的该动作资讯，而产生一统计分析资讯；一网路视讯撷取模组系撷取至少一教学影像，并透过至少一网路传输该至少一教学影像到一云端伺服器；一资讯显示模组系接收该统计分析模组产生之该统计分析资讯以及该云端伺服器的该至少一教学影像
申请日：2016-11-29
申请人：逢甲大学
68、INTEGRATION OF TUMOR CHARACTERISTICS WITH BREAST CANCER INDEX
摘要：Methods of determining risk of recurrence of a breast cancer of a subject are provided. Also provided are methods of predicting responsiveness to a therapy of a breast cancer of a subject. Additionally,  methods of recommending treatment for a subject that has breast cancer are provided. Further provided are methods of treating a subject that has breast cancer. Systems for performing described methods are also provided.
申请日：2016-11-11
申请人：BioTheranostics Inc
69、INTEGRATION OF TUMOR CHARACTERISTICS WITH BREAST CANCER INDEX
摘要：Methods of determining risk of recurrence of a breast cancer of a subject are provided. Also provided are methods of predicting responsiveness to a therapy of a breast cancer of a subject. Additionally,  methods of recommending treatment for a subject that has breast cancer are provided. Further provided are methods of treating a subject that has breast cancer. Systems for performing described methods are also provided.
申请日：2016-11-11
申请人：BIOTHERANOSTICS INC
70、Coherent Optical Imaging for Detecting Neural Signatures and Medical Imaging Applications Using Holographic Imaging Techniques
摘要：A neural imaging system may include an imaging array,  an image data processor operably coupled to the imaging array to process image data received from the imaging array,  and a beam angle separator disposed between the imaging array and an object being imaged. The beam angle separator may be configured to separate an object beam reflected from the object being imaged into a plurality of reference beams each having different angular separation with respect to the object beam. The image data processor may be configured to generate image data of the object for each one of the reference beams to correspond to a respective different depth within the object.
申请日：2016-11-10
申请人：The Johns Hopkins University
71、SENSORY INPUT THROUGH NON-INVASIVE BRAIN STIMULATION
摘要：Systems,  methods and techniques for providing sensory input to a subject through non-invasive brain stimulation are generally described. In some examples,  an input signal related to an environment may be received. In various further examples,  a communication to the subject may be determined in response to the input signal. In some examples,  an output signal corresponding to the determined communication may be generated. Some further examples may comprise non-invasively stimulating a portion of the subject' s brain with the output signal with a stimulation subsystem positioned outside of the subject' s scalp. In various examples,  the stimulation of the portion of the subject' s brain may be effective in producing a sensory response perceivable by the subject.
申请日：2016-10-21
申请人：University of Washington
72、Apparatus and method of implantable bidirectional wireless neural recording and stimulation
摘要：A device and a method are described for an electronic human prosthetic product. In particular,  the present invention relates to a bidirectional neural-communicating/brain-mechanical interface (BBMI) inserted into the skull or the spine and forming a compact neural prosthetic device by combining input,  output,  and on-board computing in a single unit. The present invention also relates to a completely insertable wireless spine electronic recording and stimulating system using a BBMI in a human body. BBMI devices wirelessly communicate with other BBMI devices and/or external controllers. A compactly insertable stimulator has an ultrasonic secondary battery charging system. One or more BBMIs are wirelessly connected,  and a closed loop of BBMI devices or a BBMI device and an external controller can wirelessly transmit a trigger pulse over the spine to a completely inserted stimulator.(120) Cap matching layer(122) WPT transducer (reception)(124) Battery(126) BMI system(128) CaseCOPYRIGHT KIPO 2017
申请日：2016-10-20
申请人：SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVERSITY RESEARCH FOUNDATION
73、METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR VERSATILE MINIMALLY INVASIVE NEUROMODULATORS
摘要：A medical apparatus for a patient includes an external system configured to transmit one or more transmission signals,  each transmission signal having at least power or data. An implantable system is configured to receive the one or more transmission signals from the external system,  and the external system includes a first external device with at least one external antenna configured to transmit a first transmission signal to the implantable system. The first transmission signal includes at least power or data,  and an external transmitter is configured to drive the at least one external antenna. An external power supply is configured to provide power to at least the external transmitter,  and an external controller is configured to control the external transmitter. A first implantable device includes at least one implantable antenna configured to receive the first transmission signal from the first external device. An implantable receiver is configured to receive the first transmission signal from the at least one implantable antenna. At least one implantable functional element is configured to interface with the patient. An implantable controller is configured to control the at least one implantable functional element. The medical apparatus is configured to neuromodulate tissue and/or record patient information.
申请日：2016-09-14
申请人：Nalu Medical Inc
74、BRAIN TO BRAIN INTERFACE SYSTEM APPLIED TO SINGLE BRAIN
摘要：A brain to brain interface system has a brain activity detection device configured to detect activity state information of a brain,  a brain stimulation device configured to stimulate an area of at least a part of the brain to activate or inactivate brain cells of the corresponding area,  and a computer configured to control the brain activity detection device and the brain stimulation device,  wherein brain activity state information of a subject' s brain (“a target brain”) is obtained through the brain activity detection device,  and an area of at least a part of the target brain is stimulated through the brain stimulation device based on the brain activity state information of the target brain to regulate a function of the target brain.
申请日：2016-09-12
申请人：KOREA INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
75、Polypeptides to inhibit epstein barr viral protein BHRF1 and B cell lymphoma family proteins
摘要：The present invention provides designed polypeptides that selectively bind to and inhibit Epstein Barr protein BHFR1,  and B cell lymphoma family proteins,  and are thus useful for treating Epstein Barr-related diseases and cancer.
申请日：2016-09-12
申请人：University of Washington
76、INHIBITORS OF CYCLIN-DEPENDENT KINASES
摘要：The present invention provides novel compounds of Formulae (I' ),  (I),  (II' ),  and (II),  and pharmaceutically acceptable salts,  solvates,  hydrates,  polymorphs,  co-crystals,  tautomers,  stereoisomers,  isotopically labeled derivatives,  prodrugs,  and compositions thereof. Also provided are methods and kits involving the inventive compounds or compositions for treating and/or preventing proliferative diseases (e.g.,  cancers (e.g.,  leukemia,  acute lymphoblastic leukemia,  lymphoma,  Burkitt' s lymphoma,  melanoma,  multiple myeloma,  breast cancer,  Ewing' s sarcoma,  osteosarcoma,  brain cancer,  ovarian cancer,  neuroblastoma,  lung cancer,  colorectal cancer),  benign neoplasms,  diseases associated with angiogenesis,  inflammatory diseases,  autoinflammatory diseases,  and autoimmune diseases) in a subject. Treatment of a subject with a proliferative disease using a compound or composition of the invention may inhibit the aberrant activity of a kinase,  such as a cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) (e.g.,  CDK7,  CDK12,  or CDK13),  and therefore,  induce cellular apoptosis and/or inhibit transcription in the subject.
申请日：2016-09-09
申请人：DANA FARBER CANCER INSTITUTE INC; HAO Mingfeng
77、MOBILE USER BORNE BRAIN ACTIVITY DATA AND SURROUNDING ENVIRONMENT DATA CORRELATION SYSTEM
摘要：A mobile user borne brain activity data and surrounding environment data correlation system comprising a brain activity sensing subsystem,  a recording subsystem,  a measurement computer subsystem,  a user sensing subsystem,  a surrounding environment sensing subsystem,  a correlation subsystem,  a user portable electronic device,  a non-transitory computer readable medium,  and a computer processing device. The mobile user borne system collects and records brain activity data and surrounding environment data and statistically correlates and processes the data for communicating the data into a recipient biological,  mechanical,  or bio-mechanical system.
申请日：2016-09-07
申请人：Kurtis John Ritchey; Kenneth Ira Ritchey
78、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR DETECTING SPIKES IN NOISY SIGNALS
摘要：A method for determining a threshold for spike detection in a noisy signal in real-time is provided. The method includes estimating a current variability of noise in the noisy signal according to a measured instantaneous value and a window of previous instantaneous values using a sigma-delta control loop,  determining the threshold based on the estimated variability of the noise;  and repeating the steps to update the estimate of the variability of the noise and adjust the threshold in real-time as the noisy signal changes. A non-transitory computer-readable storage medium for executing the method on a processing unit,  and a low-power digital system implementing the method are also provided.
申请日：2016-08-23
申请人：UNIVERSITÉ LAVAL
79、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR DETECTING SPIKES IN NOISY SIGNALS
摘要：A method for determining a threshold for spike detection in a noisy signal in real- time is provided. The method includes estimating a current variability of noise in the noisy signal according to a measured instantaneous value and a window of previous instantaneous values using a sigma-delta control loop,  determining the threshold based on the estimated variability of the noise;  and repeating the steps to update the estimate of the variability of the noise and adjust the threshold in real-time as the noisy signal changes. A non-transitory computer-readable storage medium for executing the method on a processing unit,  and a low-power digital system implementing the method are also provided.
申请日：2016-08-23
申请人：UNIVERSITÉ LAVAL
80、Conjoined,  pre-programmed,  and user controlled virtual extremities to simulate physical re-training movements
摘要：The present invention is in the technical field of virtual reality therapy/rehabilitation (VRT/R) for survivors of acquired brain injury (ABI) and other brain-affected individuals who experience disrupted brain-to-extremities communications to intact,  existing and anatomically original,  but disabled extremities. Specifically the present invention is directed to assisting survivors of acquired brain injury (ABI) traumatic brain injury,  autism spectrum disorder,  focal dystonias and other brain-affected individuals by computer-presenting/displaying a combination of virtual anatomical extremities (VAEs) in two forms :  1-VAEs which are computer pre-programmed to make simulated physical movements according to the programmer' s design and purpose;  and 2-VAEs which are interactively and tactically controlled/directed by users to make custom-purposed simulated physical movements according to the user' s design and purpose. This invention conjoins the use of 1-VAEs and 2-VAEs to provide ABI survivors and other brain-to body-affected individuals with realistic,  anatomically analogous controls over one or more virtual disabled extremities and one or more virtual unaffected extremities.
申请日：2016-08-13
申请人：Vincent J Macri
81、一种机器人识别环境变化时的人机交互方法以及系统
摘要：本发明公开一种机器人识别环境变化时的人机交互方法以及系统，涉及人机交互领域。其中，所述方法包括：所述机器人接收用户输入的检查环境变化的第一命令，所述第一命令包括环境检查点的位置；所述机器人基于所述第一命令和预设的场景地图前往所述环境检查点捕获图像，并将捕获的图像与本地存储的空白环境图像进行图像处理，得到处理结果，所述空白环境图像是在所述环境检查点不存在目标对象的情况下捕获的图像；所述机器人根据所述处理结果判断所述环境检查点是否发生环境变化；若所述环境检查点发生环境变化，所述机器人将所述环境检查点的环境变化情况反馈给用户，用户向机器人提出抓取目标的第三命令，机器人随机执行第三命令将目标对象取回。
申请日：2016-08-09
申请人：清华大学
82、SYSTEMS,  METHODS AND DEVICES FOR A SKULL/BRAIN INTERFACE
摘要：Methods,  devices,  and systems induce neuromodulation by focusing a source of stimulation through a skull/brain interface in the form of an aperture formed in the skull,  a naturally occurring fenestration in the skull,  or a transcranial channel. Methods,  devices,  and systems identify where to locate skull/brain interfaces,  accessories that can be used with the interfaces,  and features for controlling stimulation delivered through the interfaces. Multiple indications for the skull/brain interfaces include diagnosis and treatment of neurological disorders and conditions such as epilepsy,  movement disorders,  depression,  Alzheimer' s disease,  autism,  coma,  and pain.
申请日：2016-08-01
申请人：NeuroPace Inc
83、运动训练
摘要：一种用于运动训练的方法包括：从一个或更多个传感器接收受试者的头戴式显示器的定向；调整将要在头戴式显示器上显示的表示受试者在虚拟现实中的虚拟形象的基本视频信号，其中，虚拟形象包括与受伤的肢体相对应的虚拟肢体；以及将基本视频信号发送至头戴式显示器用于可视化。所述方法还包括：响应于来自受试者的触发信号，发送表示虚拟现实中的虚拟形象执行锻炼的锻炼视频信号，以开始头戴式显示器中的锻炼的视觉渲染，即使相应的真实肢体基本上是不动的并且完全不提供任何输入。这样的锻炼旨在利用与不动的肢体相对应的虚拟肢体从损伤中康复肢体，并且考虑到头戴式显示器的定向来进行显示。还公开了一种用于为运动训练提供治疗疗程的计算机程序和计算系统。
申请日：2016-07-29
申请人：巴塞罗纳大学; 生物医学研究所; 加泰罗尼亚调研高等研究学院
84、MOTOR TRAINING
摘要：A method for motor training comprising :  receiving from one or more sensors an orientation of a head mounted display of the subject;  adapting a base video signal representing an avatar of the subject in a virtual reality to be displayed on the head mounted display wherein the avatar comprises a virtual limb corresponding to the limb that is injured;  and sending the base video signal to the head mounted display for visualization. The method further comprises in response to a trigger signal from the subject,  sending an exercise video signal representing the avatar in the virtual reality performing an exercise to start the visual rendering of the exercise in the head mounted display,  even though the corresponding real limb is substantially immobile and provides no input at all. Such exercise is aimed at rehabilitation of the limb from the injury with the virtual limb corresponding to the immobile limb and it is displayed taking into account the orientation of the head mounted display.. A computer program and computing systems for providing a treatment session for motor training are also disclosed.
申请日：2016-07-29
申请人：UNIVERSITAT DE BARCELONA; INSTITUT D' INVESTIGACIONS BIOMÈDIQUES AUGUST PI I SUNYER (IDIBAPS); INSTITUCIÓ CATALANA DE RECERCA I ESTUDIS AVANÇATS
85、BRAIN-CONTROLLED INTERFACE SYSTEM AND CANDIDATE OPTIMIZATION FOR SAME
摘要：A system and method for using the system that permits a severely-ability challenged user to communicate with his or her environment using a brain-controlled interface. In one embodiment,  the user' s functional capability with the system is assessed to enhance candidate optimization for system benefit.
申请日：2016-07-21
申请人：Kennesaw State University Research and Service Foundation Inc
86、System and method for learning [...] blurring in machine interface
摘要：A method,  system and computer readable media for a BMI using a fixed decoder based on ratios of different frequency bands,  making the decoder robust,  less jittery,  and resistant to artifacts. The fixed decoder can be configured to use a limited subset of available channels. The decoder can therefore be optimized for each human subject (frequency bands to use,  ratios to process the received signals,  which channels,  weights,  etc.) and then fixed. Output from the fixed decoder can be provided to a training program that implements specific feedback and training parameters,  thereby enabling subjects to learn to control devices rapidly,  as well as consolidate this control. The training program provides continuous feedback of the current transformation being output by the fixed decoder in conjunction with feedback of the past transformations (e.g.,  up to a second before) and saliency of the feedback when goals of the task are achieved.
申请日：2016-07-13
申请人：フンダサン  デー．アンナ  ソーメル  チャンパリマウド  エー  ドクトル  カルロス  モンテス  チャンパリマウド
87、Co-device to a Mobile Device for Integrated Use and Experience of Mobile Applications on Another Device and Display
摘要：Systems and methods are provided for employing a co-device with a mobile/second device for sharing a user experience of mobile applications on both the mobile/second device and another display/first device.
申请日：2016-06-26
申请人：Bart Van Coppenolle; Johan Cloetens
88、HALIDOSILANE COMPOUNDS AND COMPOSITIONS AND PROCESSES FOR DEPOSITING SILICON-CONTAINING FILMS USING SAME
摘要：Halidosilane compounds,  processes for synthesizing halidosilane compounds,  compositions comprising halidosilane precursors,  and processes for depositing silicon- containing films (e.g.,  silicon,  amorphous silicon,  silicon oxide,  silicon nitride,  silicon carbide,  silicon oxynitride,  silicon carbonitride,  doped silicon films,  and metal-doped silicon nitride films) using halidosilane precursors. Examples of halidosilane precursor compounds described herein,  include,  but are not limited to,  monochlorodisilane (MCDS),  monobromodisilane (MBDS),  monoiododisilane (MIDS),  monochlorotrisilane (MCTS),  and monobromotrisilane (MBTS),  monoiodotrisilane (MITS). Also described herein are methods for depositing silicon containing films such as,  without limitation,  silicon,  amorphous silicon,  silicon oxide,  silicon nitride,  silicon carbide,  silicon oxynitride,  silicon carbonitride,  doped silicon films,  and metal-doped silicon nitride films,  at one or more deposition temperatures of about 500°C or less.
申请日：2016-06-14
申请人：AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS INC
89、THERAPEUTIC TARGETING OF MYELOPOLIFERATIVE NEOPLASMAS BY DUSP1 INHIBITION
摘要：Methods and compositions disclosed herein generally relate to methods,  compounds,  and compositions for treating myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs) or a symptom thereof,  comprising administering,  to a subject in need thereof,  a therapeutically effective amount of a DUSP1 inhibiting compound,  or of a pharmaceutically acceptable salt,  ester,  solvate,  pharmaceutically usable derivative,  or prodrug thereof. Embodiments of the invention also relate to use of a compound,  or pharmaceutically acceptable salt,  ester,  solvate,  pharmaceutically usable derivative,  or prodrug thereof,  for the preparation of a composition or medicament for the treatment of a myeloproliferative neoplasm (MPN),  wherein the compound is an inhibitor of DUSP1.
申请日：2016-06-03
申请人：Children' s Hospital Medical Center
90、THERAPEUTIC TARGETING OF MYELOPROLIFERATIVE NEOPLASMS BY DUSP1 INHIBITION
摘要：Methods and compositions disclosed herein generally relate to methods,  compounds,  and compositions for treating myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs) or a symptom thereof,  comprising administering,  to a subject in need thereof,  a therapeutically effective amount of a DUSP1 inhibiting compound,  or of a pharmaceutically acceptable salt,  ester,  solvate,  pharmaceutically usable derivative,  or prodrug thereof. Embodiments of the invention also relate to use of a compound,  or pharmaceutically acceptable salt,  ester,  solvate,  pharmaceutically usable derivative,  or prodrug thereof,  for the preparation of a composition or medicament for the treatment of a myeloproliferative neoplasm (MPN),  wherein the compound is an inhibitor of DUSP1.
申请日：2016-06-03
申请人：CHILDREN' S HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER
91、用于座椅的机电式控制系统
摘要：本发明涉及一种用于座椅的机电式控制系统，包括坐具和移动式终端设备，它们为了数据传送相互耦联或者能够相互耦联，其中，所述坐具包括至少一个机电式促动器或/和至少一个传感器元件，并且所述移动式终端设备设置用于从使用者获得输入，并且基于该输入控制所述至少一个促动器；或/和接收并处理从所述至少一个传感器元件获取的数据；并且所述坐具和移动式终端设备分别具有至少一个通信器件，这些通信器件设置用于在所述坐具和移动式终端设备之间进行无线的数据传送。此外，本发明还涉及一种相应的方法。
申请日：2016-05-03
申请人：斯泰必鲁斯有限公司
92、ELECTROMECHANICAL CONTROL ASSEMBLY FOR A CHAIR
摘要：The invention relates to a system comprising a seat (10) and a mobile terminal that are or can be connected to one another in order to transmit data,  wherein the seat (10) comprises at least one electromechanical actuator (22,  24,  26,  28) and/or at least one sensor element (32,  34,  36,  38),  the mobile terminal is designed to receive inputs from a user and control the at least one actuator (22,  24,  26,  28) on the basis of these inputs and/or to receive and process data collected by the at least one sensor element (32,  34,  36,  38),  and the seat (10) and the mobile terminal are each provided with at least one communication means (44),  which are designed to wirelessly transmit data between the seat (10) and the mobile terminal. The invention also relates to a corresponding method.
申请日：2016-04-26
申请人：Stabilus GmbH
93、基于视觉运动诱发的脑控下肢主被动协同康复训练系统
摘要：基于视觉运动诱发的脑控下肢主被动协同康复训练系统，包括视觉刺激模块，视觉刺激模块的输出和脑电信号采集模块的第一输入连接，脑电信号采集模块的第二输入和下肢康复训练模块的输出连接，脑电信号采集模块的输出和具有主被动协同控制模块的计算机的输入连接，具有主被动协同控制模块的计算机的第一输出和视觉刺激模块的输入连接，具有主被动协同控制模块的计算机的第二输出和下肢康复训练模块的输入连接；实现对运动控制神经的主动刺激和对运动感知神经的被动刺激，建立一条闭环的神经旁路，促进神经重组与重建；同时，充分发挥患者的主观意愿来进行康复训练，增强康复训练的趣味性来调动患者的积极性。
申请日：2016-03-24
申请人：西安交通大学
94、The neuron activity sensing electromagnetic replication
摘要：The present invention presents methods and apparatus for detecting,  imaging,  monitoring,  and modulating of brain activities and neuronal activities in the brain using radiofrequency (RF) electromagnetic (EM) waves,  as well as methods and apparatus for detecting,  imaging,  and monitoring breathing and heart-beating using RF EM waves.
申请日：2016-03-22
申请人：シャー・チェン
95、ACTIVITY-CENTRIC CONTEXTUAL MODES OF OPERATION FOR ELECTRONIC DEVICES
摘要：Electronic devices have become smarter and now use sensors to monitor environment in order to operate differently for different environmental conditions. This invention identifies user' s activity and/or user' s intention to an activity as the key environmental condition. Thus,  electronic devices with this invention detect user' s activity and/or user' s intention to an activity,  and operate differently for different user-activity and/or user' s intention to different activity. User-activities are defined using the principle of 5W1H (When,  Where,  Who,  What,  Why,  How) from linguistic grammar to describe full details of user-activity. For each user-activity,  there are one or more respective activity-centric contextual modes of operation,  which define how said electronic devices operate respectively and differently for different user-activities. This invention also provides how activity-centric contextual modes of operation should be implemented to plurality of electronic devices within network. Therefore,  when one electronic device detects a new user-activity,  said electronic device may notify said new user-activity to other electronic devices within network and plurality of electronic devices within network may shift to respective contextual modes of operation for said new user-activity.
申请日：2016-03-02
申请人：LEE Joonyoung
96、METHOD AND APPLICATION PERFORMANCE MONITORING DEVICE FOR MONITORING TRANSACTION BY ANALYZING PACKETS IN THE PACKET PROCESSING SYSTEM
摘要：The present invention relates to a method and an application performance monitoring (APM) apparatus for monitoring transaction by analyzing packets in a packet processing system. The method for monitoring transaction by analyzing packets in a packet processing system configured to process packets received from a client device according to an aspect of the present invention comprises the steps of :  (a) when at least one packet is acquired through port mirroring for a packet processing system,  classifying,  by an APM apparatus,  the acquired at least one packet based on at least one of a port or IP address of a client device,  or supporting,  by the APM apparatus,  the classification;  (b) for each of one or more packets classified as an identical class,  identifying,  by the APM apparatus,  a packet transmitted from at least one specific device among the client device and at least one processing device within the packet processing system and a pair of packets received by the specific device in response to the packet transmitted from the specific device,  or supporting,  by the APM apparatus,  the identification;  and (c) acquiring,  by the APM apparatus,  information about transaction by using information about the identified pair of packets.COPYRIGHT KIPO 2016
申请日：2016-02-29
申请人：TMAXSOFT CO LTD
97、调节通过网络传输的数字内容
摘要：本发明对用于通过网络传输和接收数字内容的装置和方法的实施例进行了说明。在实施例中，装置可以将数字内容和任务传输至用户装置，接收任务表现数据，处理该数据以确定针对任务的合规性信息，并且至少部分地基于合规性信息而调节数字内容。可以公开和/或要求保护其他实施例。
申请日：2016-02-17
申请人：英特尔公司
98、The wearable physiological test equipment
摘要：[Problem] wearable physiological examination equipment. [Solution] 10 is wearable physiological examination equipment,  brain activity information used for deciding which guides and breathing,  user 1 in two [...],  brain function based self-adjusting,  thereby realizing [...]. The apparatus,  by providing a mounting structure,  and/or heart rate and/or a lug or ear near the head area of the brain unit is installed,  thereby obtaining information on brain activity and breathing action. Figure 2 [drawing]
申请日：2016-01-25
申请人：CHOU Chang An
99、WEARABLE PHYSIOLOGICAL MONITORING DEVICE
摘要：The present invention discloses a wearable physiological monitoring device for providing brain activity information and deciding a breathing guiding signal in a neurofeedback section,  for being a basis for a user to perform a self-regulation about brain function. The device includes a wearable structure for mounting plural EEG electrodes and/or optical sensor on the head and/or an ear of the user so as to obtain information about brain activity and respiratory behavior.
申请日：2016-01-25
申请人：Chang An Chou
100、EAR-WORN PHYSIOLOGICAL DETECTION DEVICE
摘要：An ear-worn physiological detection device,  which comprises a magnetic ear-worn structure (1),  a physiological signal capturing circuit,  an optical transmitter component (112),  an optical receiver component (114),  and multiple electroencephalographic electrodes (116 and 118). The magnetic ear-worn structure (1) is provided with a first component (10) and a second component (12) that are magnetically attracted to each other while being separated by a part of the auricle (100). The optical transmitter component (112) and the optical receiver component (114) are arranged on the magnetic ear-worn structure (1) so as to be fixed onto the auricle part (100) when the magnetic ear-worn structure (1) is affixed to the auricle part (100),  thus acquiring relevant physiological information of the cardiovascular system. In addition,  at least one of the electroencephalographic electrodes (116 and 118) is also arranged on the magnetic ear-worn structure (1) to be in contact with the skin of the auricle part (100),  while at least another of the electrodes is in contact with the skin of another part,  thus forming an electroencephalographic signal circuit and acquiring an electroencephalographic signal.
申请日：2016-01-25
申请人：CHOU Chang An
101、WEARABLE PHYSIOLOGICAL DETECTION DEVICE
摘要：A wearable physiological detection device (10) for use in providing brain activity information and determining a respiratory pilot signal to serve as a basis for a user to self-adjust brain functions in a neurophysiological feedback section,  thus attaining a neurophysiological feedback loop. The device is provided with a wearable structure (14) that has a computer electrode (143) and/or a heart rate sensing unit (141 and 142) arranged onto the head and/or an ear or an area in proximity to the ear,  thus acquiring brain activity information and information related to respiratory activities.
申请日：2016-01-25
申请人：CHOU Chang An
102、基于FPGA的运动障碍非侵入式康复的闭环脑-机-体系统
摘要：本发明提供一种基于FPGA的运动障碍非侵入式康复的闭环脑-机-体系统，该系统以FPGA作为控制核心建立基底核、丘脑皮层假体硬件模型，以基于FPGA的自适应控制算法计算所得数据作为输入，进行控制模型参数整定与力反馈调节，直至达到预期控制结果，实现基于动态因果模型的自适应控制算法，输出力反馈信号，从而实现运动障碍性神经系统疾病患者的康复治疗。本发明的效果是实现了运动障碍性神经系统疾病患者的康复治疗，同时实现了对复杂的基底核、丘脑皮层神经元网络以及对复杂动态因果模型自适应控制算法的建模。该平台可以为运动障碍性神经系统疾病的康复性治疗提供有效的理论依据和技术支持，对研究帕金森症、癫痫、阿兹海默症等神经疾病控制与治疗有重要的实用价值。
申请日：2016-01-15
申请人：天津大学
103、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR KNOWLEDGE TRANSFER WITH A GAME
摘要：An educational picture game is played through responses to questions provided at points in the picture game and enhances factual assimilation and retention for the user. The user selects or generates responses to progress through the game and correct responses lead to the emergence of a picture or image,  i.e. providing a visual,  motivating indicator of progress towards completion. Various indications can be provided to inform the user about the correctness of responses and their extent of progress towards completing the learning activity. The indications may be completion of parts of an image,  audio or visual cues,  suggested reference materials or other information that tends to boost learning and assist the user in assimilating and applying facts in different knowledge domains. The user may receive a reward for providing correct responses or successfully completing the picture.
申请日：2016-01-13
申请人：Ankit Chansoriya; Ravindra Jain; Donald M O' Malley
105、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR OPERATING AND CONTROLLING A HYPER CONFIGURABLE HUMANOID ROBOT TO PERFORM MULTIPLE APPLICATIONS IN VARIOUS WORK ENVIRONMENTS
摘要：A processor implemented method for performing and controlling a humanoid robot is provided. The method includes the following steps :  (i) obtaining a data from a perception unit to analyze a work environmental conditions,  (ii) providing communication between (a) the humanoid robot and a cloud server,  and (b) the cloud server and one or more robots,  (iii) detecting an acquisition of image and distance information about the working environmental condition or one or more applications to create a map of the working environmental condition for navigation,  (iv) providing a feedback and control information to the humanoid robot,  and (v) providing an input to the humanoid robot based on the one or more sensors or the user devices or the user to perform a necessary action for the working environmental condition or the one or more applications.
申请日：2015-12-28
申请人：NIRANJAN CHANDRIKA GOVINDARAJAN
106、NOVEL METHODS OF ATOMIC LAYER ETCHING (ALE) USING SEQUENTIAL,  SELF-LIMITING THERMAL REACTIONS
摘要：The invention includes a method of promoting atomic layer etching (ALE) of a surface. In certain embodiments,  the method comprises sequential reactions with a metal precursor and a halogen-containing gas. The invention provides a solid substrate obtained according t any of the methods of the invention. The invention further provides a porous substrate obtained according to any of the methods of the invention. The invention further provides a patterned solid substrate obtained according to any of the methods of the invention.
申请日：2015-12-18
申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO A BODY CORPORATE
107、PROCESS FOR PRODUCING AN ELECTRODE CONTAINING SILICON PARTICLES COATED WITH CARBON
摘要：The present invention relates to a process for producing an electrode containing silicon particles which are coated with carbon (SP2). The respective process is carried out under plasma conditions in combination with a fluidized bed process since silicon particles (SP1) to be coated with carbon are fluidized into the reactive zone of an apparatus (A),  employing a gaseous stream (G) containing at least one carbon- containing gas. The coating of the silicon particles (SP1) in the reactive zone (RZ) of apparatus (A) is preferably carried out via a chemical vapor deposition (CVD) process. The silicon particles coated with carbon (SP2) as obtained in process step d) of the present invention are further processed in order to obtain an electrode containing such silicon particles coated with carbon (SP2). The present invention further relates to such an electrode as well as to a battery containing such an electrode. The present invention also relates to the use of such an electrode containing silicon particles coated with carbon (SP2) within such a battery which preferably is a lithium-ion-battery.
申请日：2015-12-09
申请人：BASF SE; MAX PLANCK GESELLSCHAFT ZUR FÖRDERUNG DER WISSENSCHAFTEN E V
108、DEVICE AND METHOD FOR INFLUENCING BRAIN ACTIVITY
摘要：The present invention relates to a device (100) for influencing brain activity. The device (100) comprises a sensor (10),  which is configured to measure a wave-form of an electrical activity of a human brain (HB) and which is configured to provide a correspondingly transduced signal (TS). The device (100) further comprises processor (20),  which is configured to generate a stimulation signal (STS) based on the transduced signal (TS) and to assign at least one parameter (P) varying with respect to time to the stimulation signal (STS),  wherein the least one parameter (P) and the transduced signal (TS) are uncorrelated signals with respect to time. Still further,  the device (100) comprises a stimulator (30),  which is configured to provide visual and/or auditory stimulation of the electrical activity of the human brain (HB) using the stimulation signal (STS) and the least one parameter (P).
申请日：2015-12-09
申请人：KONINKLIJKE PHILIPS N V
109、ELECTROMAGNETIC WAVE SENSING AND MODULATING OF NEURONAL ACTIVITIES
摘要：The present invention presents methods and apparatus for detecting,  imaging,  monitoring,  and modulating of brain activities and neuronal activities in the brain using radiofrequency (RF) electromagnetic (EM) waves,  as well as methods and apparatus for detecting,  imaging,  and monitoring breathing and heart-beating using RF EM waves.
申请日：2015-11-04
申请人：Qian Xia
110、Wireless input system based on steady-state visual-evoked potentials
摘要：A wireless BCI input system for mobile intelligent devices is described. The system may include an SSVEP keyboard for stimulating SSVEP signals and an EEG headband for acquiring EEG signals. The SSVEP keyboard may include sixteen virtual buttons and a mask that can be replaced to change functions of the virtual buttons. The EEG headband may include an EEG acquisition module,  an EEG analysis module,  and a Bluetooth communication module,  which are used for acquiring EEG signals,  determining the user' s input intentions,  and sending characters or controlling commands to a matched mobile intelligent device via Bluetooth connection.
申请日：2015-10-27
申请人：Beijing University of Technology
111、CLASSIFYING EEG SIGNALS IN RESPONSE TO VISUAL STIMULUS
摘要：Systems and method for conduction of single trial classification of EEG signals of a human subject generated responsive to a series of images containing target images and non target images the method comprising :  obtaining said EEG signals in a spatio temporal representation comprising time points and respective spatial distribution of said EEG signals;  classifying said time points independently using a linear discriminant classifier to compute spatio temporal discriminating weights;  using said spatio temporal discriminating weights to amplify said spatio temporal representation by said spatio temporal discriminating weights at tempo spatial points respectively to create a spatially weighted representation;  using Principal Component Analysis (PCA) on a temporal domain for dimensionality reduction separately for each spatial channel of said EEG signals to create a PCA projection;  applying said PCA projection to said spatially weighted representation onto a first plurality of principal components to create a temporally approximated spatially weighted representation containing for each spatial channel PCA coefficients for said plurality of principal temporal projections;  and classifying said temporally approximated spatially weighted representation over said number of channels using said linear discriminant classifier to yield a binary decisions series indicative of each image of the images series as either belonging to said target image or to said non target image.
申请日：2015-10-15
申请人：YISSUM RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT COMPANY OFTHE HEBREW UNIVERSITY OF JERUSALEM LTD; B G NEGEV TECHNOLOGIES APPLICATIONS LTD AT BEN GURION UNIVERSITY
112、STORING,  INDEXING AND RECALLING DATA BASED ON BRAIN ACTIVITY
摘要：In a method for storing and recalling stored data,  data to be stored is received and a first brain activity information from a user is received. The first brain activity is hashed to generate a first brain activity information hash value. The data is stored within a database and indexed. The indexing is done according to the first brain activity information hash value. The stored data is recalled when a request to recall the stored data is received along with a second brain activity information from a user. The received second brain activity is hashed to generate a second brain activity information hash value. The second brain activity information hash value is used to identify a location of the stored data,  within the database,  based on the indexing,  by matching the second brain activity information hash value to the first brain activity information hash value. The stored data is then retrieved based on the identified location.
申请日：2015-09-22
申请人：INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION
113、ELECTROPHYSIOLOGY MEASUREMENT AND TRAINING AND REMOTE DATABASED AND DATA ANALYSIS MEASUREMENT METHOD AND SYSTEM
摘要：A method and system provides for electrophysiological data analysis in a networked processing environment. The method and system includes receiving,  via a networked connection,  electrophysiological data of a patient and electronically performing,  via at least one network processing device,  a data analysis on the electrophysiological data. The method and system includes generating at least one report based on the data analysis,  wherein the at least one report includes determination of one or more intervention options for the patient and therein transmitting the report to a recipient device across the network connection for utilization with the patient. The results of the report direct the user to apply from within the same system non-invasive brain stimulation,  neurofeedback,  and biofeedback modalities. Re-assessment can occur from within the same system following the training or modulation of electrophysiology and thereby generate a comparison report showing functional changes from the provided intervention or combined interventions.
申请日：2015-09-16
申请人：Evoke Neuroscience Inc
114、SIGNAL PROCESSING METHOD AND APPARATUS BASED ON STRUCTURED SPARSITY OF PHONOLOGICAL FEATURES
摘要：A multimodal processing method comprising the steps of :  A) Retrieving a data set representing distinctive phonological features; B) Identifying structured sparse patterns in said data set; C) Processing said structured sparse patterns.
申请日：2015-09-04
申请人：Foundation of the Idiap Research Institute (IDIAP)
115、用于基于脑活动信号的治疗和/或用户设备的控制的方法和系统
摘要：一种用于表征脑电信号的方法，包括形成信号的时间‑频谱分解以形成多个时间分辨的频率信号值，将信号值的每个实例与接近神经系统信号的预定函数相关联，从而形成共同代表脑电信号的系数表。
申请日：2015-09-02
申请人：大学健康网络
116、The treatment and/or user control of brain activity is based on the method and system
摘要：A method for characterizing a brain electrical signal comprising forming a temporo-spectral decomposition of the signal to form a plurality of time resolved frequency signal values,  associating each instance of the signal value with a predetermined function approximating a neurological signal to form a table of coefficients collectively representative of the brain electrical signal.
申请日：2015-09-02
申请人：ユニバーシティー  ヘルス  ネットワーク
117、METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR BRAIN ACTIVITY SIGNAL-BASED TREATMENT AND/OR CONTROL OF USER DEVICES
摘要：A method for characterizing a brain electrical signal comprising forming a temporo-spectral decomposition of the signal to form a plurality of time resolved frequency signal values,  associating each instance of the signal value with a predetermined function approximating a neurological signal to form a table of coefficients collectively representative of the brain electrical signal.
申请日：2015-09-02
申请人：UNIVERSITY HEALTH NETWORK
118、BASE-CATALYZED SILYLATION OF TERMINIAL ALKYNE C-H BONDS
摘要：The present invention is directed to a mild,  efficient,  and general direct C(sp)-H bond silylation. Various embodiments includes methods,  each method comprising or consisting essentially of contacting at least one organic substrate comprising a terminal alkynyl C-H bond,  with a mixture of at least one organosilane and an alkali metal hydroxide,  under conditions sufficient to form a silylated terminal alkynyl moiety. The methods are operable in the substantially absence of transition-metal compounds. The systems associated with these methods are also disclosed.
申请日：2015-09-01
申请人：CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
119、METHOD FOR RECOGNIZING USER INTENTION
摘要：The present invention relates to a method for recognizing a user intention. More specifically,  the present invention relates to a method for recognizing a user intention for recognizing a user intention through measuring and analyzing a brain wave. To this end,  the present invention provides the method for recognizing a user intention which comprises :  a brain wave measurement step of measuring a brain wave;  a pre-process step of filtering a brain wave signal measured through the brain wave measurement step;  a feature extraction step of extracting a feature from the filtered brain wave signal;  and a user intention recognition step of recognizing a user intention from the feature extracted through the feature extraction step.COPYRIGHT KIPO 2017
申请日：2015-07-31
申请人：INDUSTRY FOUNDATION OF CHONNAM NATIONAL UNIVERSITY; SHIN HAN SYSTEMS CO LTD
120、MODIFICATION OF CARBON PARTICLES
摘要：The present invention relates to a process for modifying carbon particles,  such as graphites,  graphene nanoplatelets,  carbon black and other carbons,  and to modified carbon particles obtainable by such a process. The process for modifying carbon particles is performed within an apparatus which comprises a sample holder located below a reactive zone and comprises the following steps :  a) provision of carbon particles on the sample holder of apparatus,  b) fluidizing the carbon particles in apparatus with a gaseous stream into the reactive zone,  c) keeping the carbon particles with the gaseous stream in the reactive zone for at least 1 sec and feeding energy of at least 2.4 kj into the reactive zone,  and d) modification of the carbon particles in the reactive zone to obtain modified carbon particles. It is preferred that the carbon particles are modified by a fluidized bed plasma process.
申请日：2015-07-17
申请人：BASF SE; MAX PLANCK GESELLSCHAFT ZUR FÖRDERUNG DER WISSENSCHAFTEN E V
121、Access Control Through Multifactor Authentication with Multimodal Biometrics
摘要：A system is provided in which a person may use a Cellular (Mobile) Telephone,  a PDA or any other handheld computer to make a purchase. This is an example only. The process may entail any type of transaction which requires authentication,  such as any financial transaction,  any access control (to account information,  etc.),  and any physical access scenario such as doubling for a passport or an access key to a restricted area (office,  vault,  etc.). It may also be used to conduct remote transactions such as those conducted on the Internet (E-Commerce,  account access,  etc.). In the process,  a multifactor authentication is used.
申请日：2015-06-23
申请人：Homayoon Beigi
122、DETECTION OF HUMAN-MACHINE INTERACTION ERRORS
摘要：Disclosed are a system and method of detection of an interaction-error. The interaction-error is derived from an incorrect decision and is directed to interacting with a machine. During human-machine interaction,  command related data values are obtained. Command related data values characterize any one of an interacting- command and an interacting-action. The command related data values are compared with command related reference data values,  and an interaction-error is identified if a difference between the command related data values and the command related reference data values complies with a predefined criterion.
申请日：2015-06-22
申请人：HOCHMAN Eldad Izhak
123、SECURITY SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR PRIVATE INFORMATION
摘要：The present invention refers to personal information security system and method relates to,  without leaving any personal information to user server is provided,  for protecting personal information security system and method relates to the personal information on the user,  the present invention refers to transaction device,  business WAS,  replacement height management server,  the method protecting personal information in business DB the [e[e] terminal it will raise server and number comprising,  (A) which matches the key generation number under public affairs height management server to request business WAS is replaced with replacement;  (B) reading said replacement key setting requirements and replacement height management server;  transforming the alternate key (C) generating said replacement personal height management server;  (D) said replacement height management server storing additional information through a circuit generating alternative key business DB server;  and (E) the number key to said replacement height management server business WAS under public affairs replacement performed live optical fiber preform comprises a method protecting personal information.  In the present invention alternative key setting requirements and issuing personal information converter according to different user business,  business processing and roller transfers the personal information of the user can be equal to or less than.
申请日：2015-06-03
申请人：주식회사 제이엠제이에스
124、PROCESS FOR SYNTHESIS OF INDENES
摘要：The present invention relates to a new process for the synthesis of 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7-substiuted indenes,  which are useful precursors for the formation of certain ansa-metailocene catalysts.
申请日：2015-06-02
申请人：SCG CHEMICALS CO LTD
125、APPARATUS AND METHOD FOR BRAIN-BRAIN INTERFACE USING BRAINWAVE MAGNETIC RESONANCE AND TRANSCRANIAL LASER
摘要：Brain-brain interface processing in,  number 1 (Brainwave Magnetic Resonance) techniques to magnetic resonance brain of the subject generated in one zone of the brain for measuring magnetic resonance signal control unit controls,  a magnetic resonance measured brain signal is generated corresponding to an position of 3 dimensional positional information,  such that frequency information of magnetic resonance signal,  and magnetic resonance signal having connectivity,  including brain position link information for that node including original and generates data,  according to flow of time,  which is a collection of original data and produce an array data,  brain a pre-assigned data arrangement information and-determining intended positions based on magnetic resonance signal according to information intended to determine connectivity-determining intended and,  having connectivity-determining is magnetic resonance signal when it is determined to detected brain function preset according information intended for detecting and,  detected brain function is matched to the brain of object number 2 is set up,  the key and laser irradiation position and,  a duration laser irradiation set number 2 position of the brain of the subject a focused laser to reflect off 1 and provides an output to unit within imprint.  Through same,  laser as the corresponding neural recognition and area cranial nerve invasive functionality high spatial resolution high controls the movably mounted on a top side of.
申请日：2015-06-01
申请人：KOREA UNIVERSITY RESEARCH AND BUSINESS FOUNDATION
126、THERAPY FOR SOLID TUMORS
摘要：A pharmaceutically acceptable composition and method for solid tumor therapy in a patient in need of such therapy. The composition contains,  as the only active agents,  the combination of (a) an inhibitor of c-Fos,  and (b) an inhibitor of Dusp-1,  and optionally (c) an inhibitor of a tyrosine kinase. The composition is administered to the patient in a dosing regimen for a period sufficient to provide therapy for solid tumors.
申请日：2015-05-29
申请人：Children' s Hospital Medical Center
127、THERAPY FOR SOLID TUMORS
摘要：A pharmaceutically acceptable composition and method for solid tumor therapy in a patient in need of such therapy. The composition contains,  as the only active agents,  the combination of (a) an inhibitor of c-Fos,  and (b) an inhibitor of Dusp-1,  and optionally (c) an inhibitor of a tyrosine kinase. The composition is administered to the patient in a dosing regimen for a period sufficient to provide therapy for solid tumors.
申请日：2015-05-29
申请人：CHILDREN' S HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER
128、Multiple-choice answer selection directly specify the state change of the blurring in computer interface
摘要：Methods,  systems,  apparatus,  and non-transitory computer readable media are disclosed utilizing brain-computer interfaces (BCIs). Various embodiments are disclosed to allow a user to directly select multiple-choice answers,  to provide motorized wheelchair controls,  and to allow a user to play a game via the BCI. When used in a cognitive assessment test,  embodiments include the administration of unmodified standardized tests with results in the same or a similar format as those taken without a BCI. Various embodiments are disclosed to improve the accuracy of BCI test administration using a three-step process for each test question,  which includes determining whether the user intends to select an answer,  monitoring user brain activity to determine a selected answer,  and verifying the selected answer. In addition,  the selected answer may be verified by monitoring user brain activity in accordance with a hold-release process to determine whether a user intends to initiate a state change.
申请日：2015-05-22
申请人：ザ リージェンツ オブ ザ ユニバーシティー オブ ミシガン
129、一种脑电β波信号感应蓝牙耳机
摘要：本发明公开了一种脑电β波信号感应蓝牙耳机，耳机本体包括依次连接的分布在大脑额区的脑电波感应器、滤波放大单元、模数转换器和脑电波采集处理芯片，滤波放大单元包括依次连接的高阻抗差分输入的第一放大器、陷波器、低通滤波器、带通滤波器和第二放大器，耳机本体为蓝牙耳机，头戴式耳机本体包括依次固定连接的左耳挂、头戴式挂置件和右耳挂，脑电波感应器通过连接杆与头戴式挂置件固定连接。脑电波采集处理芯片通过蓝牙与目标终端匹配连接，进行相互通信。本发明实现通过蓝牙耳机检测脑电波信号，来与目标终端进行相互交互通信，通过滤波放大单元对脑电波进行滤波放大处理，使得脑电波信号采集处理更为准确。
申请日：2015-05-21
申请人：成都腾悦科技有限公司
130、APPARATUS FOR TREATING A PATIENT
摘要：At least one embodiment of the disclosure is directed to a method for processing brainwave signals for treating a patient having neurological disorder or mental disorder or a combination of neurological and mental disorder. The method comprises :  measuring a brainwave signal from the patient,  the measured brainwave signal containing noise;  denoising the brainwave signal to obtain a clean brainwave signal;  matching the clean brainwave signal to a database of brainwave signals for neurological or mental conditions or a combination of neurological and mental conditions to identify the patient' s neurological or mental status or a combination of neurological and mental conditions;  and applying a therapeutic treatment to the patient based on the identified neurological or mental status or a combination of neurological and mental conditions.
申请日：2015-05-18
申请人：Chi Yung Fu
131、一种脑电混沌特性分析的方法及系统
摘要：本发明提供了一种脑电混沌特性的分析方法，包括：对脑电信号进行滤波，并将滤波后的脑电信号分解为若干个子频段信号；提取各子频段信号的极值点和所述极值点对应的时间点，并根据所述极值点和所述时间点，生成单调振幅序列及单调周期序列；将所述单调振幅序列和单调周期序列组成向量序列，并对所述向量序列进行伪迹去除；从单调振幅和单调周期的两个维度将所述向量序列分为若干个子区间，获得每个向量分布在每个子区间的概率，并根据所述概率，获得所述脑电信号的振动熵；根据所述脑电信号的振动熵，分析所述脑电信号的混沌程度。本发明能够有效地反映脑电信号波形振动特征的分布特性。
申请日：2015-05-07
申请人：北京工业大学
132、METHODS AND SYSTEMS RELATING TO PERSONALIZED EVOLVING AVATARS
摘要：Graphical user interfaces can exploit avatars to provide represent the user or their alter ego or character. It would be beneficial to provide users with an avatar not defined by the software provide but one that represents their quantified self so that their virtual world avatar evolved,  adjusted,  and behaved based upon the real world individual. It would also be beneficial that such a dynamically adaptive avatar provides the individual with an evolving and adjusting graphical interface to access personal information,  establish adjustments in lifestyle,  and monitor their health etc. within the real world but also define the characteristics,  behaviour,  skills,  etc. that they possess within virtual worlds. Accordingly,  such an avatar established in dependence upon the user' s specific characteristics can then be exploited to provide data for a wide range of additional aspects of the user' s life from filtering content through to controlling devices within their environment.
申请日：2015-05-01
申请人：ABBAS Mohamad
133、METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR PROVIDING STATE IDENTIFICATION
摘要：A computer implemented method and apparatus for providing state identification. The method comprises (a) displaying a first state identifier,  wherein the state identifier comprises a first state element and a first plurality of navigation cues associated with the first state element;  (b) receiving an input to move toward one of the first plurality of navigation cues;  (c) storing the first state element in a navigation path in response to the received input to move;  (d) displaying a second state element and a second plurality of navigation cues associated with the second state element;  (e) optionally repeating the process of (b)-(d) for additional state elements to arrive at a final state element,  which may be the second state element;  (f) receiving a selection of the final state element;  and (g) storing the selected final state element and updating the navigation path based on the received selection.
申请日：2015-04-20
申请人：William Carl Acevedo
134、METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR PROVIDING STATE IDENTIFICATION
摘要：A computer implemented method and apparatus for providing state identification. The method comprises (a) displaying a first state identifier,  wherein the state identifier comprises a first state element and a first plurality of navigation cues associated with the first state element;  (b) receiving an input to move toward one of the first plurality of navigation cues;  (c) storing the first state element in a navigation path in response to the received input to move;  (d) displaying a second state element and a second plurality of navigation cues associated with the second state element;  (e) optionally repeating the process of (b) - (d) for additional state elements to arrive at a final state element,  which may be the second state element;  (f) receiving a selection of the final state element;  and (g) storing the selected final state element and updating the navigation path based on the received selection.
申请日：2015-04-20
申请人：ACEVEDO William Carl
135、一种虚拟社交系统及其控制方法
摘要：本发明公开了一种虚拟社交系统及其控制方法，该虚拟社交系统至少包括传感交互设备、第一数据处理装置、第二数据处理装置以及服务器；传感交互设备包括：传感器组件、信号处理装置及本体；第一数据处理装置包括处理模块以及第一通信模块；第二数据处理装置包括应用系统以及第二通信模块；服务器包括：接收模块以及分析单元。实施本发明的有益效果是，通过服务器分析出于虚拟社交场所的用户的心情变化，实时不加掩饰的将人的心理变化在虚拟社交中反映出来，增强用户虚拟交往中心理变化的真实性。
申请日：2015-04-10
申请人：深圳市虚拟现实科技有限公司
136、腰部可穿戴功能辅助机械臂
摘要：本发明提供了一种腰部可穿戴功能辅助机械臂，其中：所述七自由度绳驱双臂固定在腰部穿戴机构上；所述被动式下肢外骨骼助力机构连接于腰部穿戴机构；所述控制驱动单元、计算机以及电源模块分别固定于腰部穿戴机构的背部面板上；所述计算机通过控制驱动单元与七自由度绳驱双臂控制连接；所述自主控制模块与计算机数据连接。本发明可用于人双手工作同时需要协助时的作业环境，有效减少用户的劳动强度，提高工作效率；可以帮助体弱老年人等，增强他们的负重能力，增加动作幅度和力，完成原本比较困难的负重任务，也可用于协助残疾人完成日常必须的手部任务，改善他们的自主生活能力，一定程度上增加他们对隐私的保护。
申请日：2015-03-24
申请人：华南理工大学; 中山大学
137、肩部可穿戴功能辅助机械臂
摘要：本发明提供了一种肩部可穿戴功能辅助机械臂，包括七自由度绳驱双臂、肩部穿戴机构、绳驱电机组模块、控制驱动单元、电源模块、视觉传感器、计算机以及自主控制单元；所述绳驱电机组模块通过绳驱机械臂肩关节被动式承重机构与七自由度绳驱双臂传动连接；所述视觉传感器和自主控制单元分别与计算机数据连接。本发明解决在人双手同时工作同时需要额外协助的问题，可有效减少人的劳动强度，提高工作效率。可以帮助手臂肌肉无力的患者增加他们的基本生活自理能力。也可用于协助残疾人，使身体残留部分的功能得到最充分的发挥，达到最大可能的生活自理，劳动和工作的能力，为他们重返社会打下基础。
申请日：2015-03-24
申请人：华南理工大学; 中山大学
138、ORGANIZED KNOWLEDGE AND SERVICE SYSTEM (OKSS)
摘要：The present invention is a system for providing a user with continuous,  updated and structured knowledge relevant to the user and/or a system for facilitating a service required by the user (100,  101,  102]. More specifically,  the invention relates to a system that finds out a requirement of knowledge from a user (100,  101,  102],  collect the knowledge from right sources,  process the knowledge and present the knowledge in the most suitable form to the user (100,  101,  102]. It also includes a system to find out a requirement of a particular service from a user (100,  101,  102],  identify a person or a machine or animal having the capability to do the service and present the information regarding the person or the machine or the animal with the required capability to those who are in requirement.
申请日：2015-03-19
申请人：WAFINA SDN BHD
139、REGULATING DIGITAL CONTENT TRANSMITTED OVER A NETWORK
摘要：The present disclosure describes embodiments of apparatuses and method for transmitting and receiving digital content over a network. In embodiments,  an apparatus may transmit digital content and a task to a user device,  receive task performance data,  process the data to determine compliance information to the task,  and regulate the digital content base at least in part on the compliance information. Other embodiments may be disclosed and/or claimed.
申请日：2015-03-17
申请人：Intel Corporation
140、REDUCTION OF SICI4 IN THE PRESENCE OF BC13
摘要：The present invention relates,  in general,  to the purification of boron trichloride (BCI3). More particularly,  the invention relates to a process for minimizing silicon tetrachloride (SiCI4) formation in BCI3 production and/or the removal of S1CI4 in BCI3 product stream by preventing/minimizing the silicon source in the reaction chambers. In addition,  a hydride material may be used to convert any SiCI4 present to S1H4 which is easier to remove. Lastly freeze separation would replace fractional distillation to remove SiCI4 from BCI3 that has been partially purified to remove light boilers.
申请日：2015-03-17
申请人：MATHESON TRI GAS INC
141、METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR VERSATILE MINIMALLY INVASIVE NEUROMODULATORS
摘要：A medical apparatus for a patient includes an external system configured to transmit one or more transmission signals,  each transmission signal having at least power or data. An implantable system is configured to receive the one or more transmission signals from the external system,  and the external system includes a first external device with at least one external antenna configured to transmit a first transmission signal to the implantable system. The first transmission signal includes at least power or data,  and an external transmitter is configured to drive the at least one external antenna. An external power supply is configured to provide power to at least the external transmitter,  and an external controller is configured to control the external transmitter. A first implantable device includes at least one implantable antenna configured to receive the first transmission signal from the first external device. An implantable receiver is configured to receive the first transmission signal from the at least one implantable antenna. At least one implantable functional element is configured to interface with the patient. An implantable controller is configured to control the at least one implantable functional element. The medical apparatus is configured to neuromodulate tissue and/or record patient information.
申请日：2015-03-16
申请人：ACCELEMED LLC
143、一种基于共模型成分分析的零再训练方法
摘要：本发明提供的一种基于共模型成分分析的零再训练方法，用于肌电控制假肢，包括以下步骤：经过S天的训练与使用，存储了S天LDA分类器模型；计算目标函数；采用共模型成分分析方法计算最优投影矩阵w*；计算S天LDA分类器模型的共有成分的参数；利用共有成分的参数构造LDA分类器；从S+1天开始，采用最优投影矩阵w*对提取的特征投影，使用构造的LDA分类器进行识别。本发明提供的零再训练方法，避免每天使用前进行训练，便于肌电假肢佩戴者的使用，节省了训练时间；采用共模型成分分析方法，求取前期训练得到的分类器模型的共有成分，将此共有成分构造的分类器直接用于后期肌电假肢的使用，从而实现了肌电假肢控制的零再训练。
申请日：2015-03-03
申请人：上海交通大学
144、PLASMA ABATEMENT OF COMPOUNDS CONTAINING HEAVY ATOMS
摘要：A plasma abatement process for abating effluent containing compounds from a processing chamber is described. A plasma abatement process takes gaseous foreline effluent from a processing chamber,  such as a deposition chamber,  and reacts the effluent within a plasma chamber placed in the foreline path. The plasma dissociates the compounds within the effluent,  converting the effluent into more benign compounds. Abating reagents may assist in the abating of the compounds. The abatement process may be a volatizing or a condensing abatement process. Representative volatilizing abating reagents include,  for example,  CH4,  H2O,  H2,  NF3,  SF6,  F2,  HCI,  HF,  CI2,  and HBr. Representative condensing abating reagents include,  for example,  H2,  H2O,  O2,  N2,  O3,  CO,  CO2,  NH3,  N2O,  CH4,  and combinations thereof.
申请日：2015-02-19
申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC
145、一种基于DIVA模型的脑电信号处理方法
摘要：本发明公开了一种基于DIVA模型的脑电信号处理方法，该方法通过DIVA模型模拟生成的fMIR数据对脑电信号进行定位分析，并使用独立成分分析方法简化实际计算的复杂度，克服了非侵入式脑电信号分辨率低、干扰大的缺点。本发明使用DIVA模型产生的fMIR数据对EEG数据进行融合处理，克服了脑电信号空间分辨率低、信号干扰大、信噪比很低的问题。通过ICA的预处理，减小了运算的复杂性，在很大程度上克服了等效偶极子定位算法对于噪声的敏感。最后，利用本方法对真实实验数据进行处理，得到的结论符合生理学事实。本方法为汉语神经分析系统中的脑电信号处理问题提供了可行的解决方案，为今后汉语语音生成与获取相关研究奠定了基础。
申请日：2015-01-30
申请人：南京邮电大学
146、耳戴式生理检测装置
摘要：本发明有关一种耳戴式生理检测装置，其包括一磁性耳戴结构，一生理信号撷取电路，一光发射组件与一光接收组件，以及多个脑电电极，其中，该磁性耳戴结构具有可隔着一耳廓的一部分而彼此磁性相吸的一第一部件以及一第二部件，该光发射组件以及该光接收组件设置于该磁性耳戴结构上，以在该磁性耳戴结构吸附于该耳廓部分时，固定于该耳廓部分上，以获得相关心血管系统的生理信息，另外，至少其中一脑电电极亦设置于该磁性耳戴结构上，以接触该耳廓部分的皮肤，以及至少其中另一电极接触一其它部分皮肤，以形成一脑电信号检测回路，进而取得脑电信号。
申请日：2015-01-26
申请人：周常安
147、穿戴式生理检测装置
摘要：一种穿戴式生理检测装置，用以提供脑部活动信息以及决定一呼吸导引信号，以作为使用者在一神经生理回馈区段中自我调整脑部功能的基础，进而达成一神经生理回馈回路。该装置具有一穿戴结构，以将脑电电极及/或心率感测单元设置于头部及/或耳朵或耳朵附近区域，进而取得脑部活动信息以及有关呼吸行为的信息。
申请日：2015-01-26
申请人：周常安
148、耳戴式生理检测装置
摘要：本实用新型有关一种耳戴式生理检测装置，其包括一磁性耳戴结构，一生理信号撷取电路，一光发射组件与一光接收组件，以及多个脑电电极，其中，该磁性耳戴结构具有可隔着一耳廓的一部分而彼此磁性相吸的一第一部件以及一第二部件，该光发射组件以及该光接收组件设置于该磁性耳戴结构上，以在该磁性耳戴结构吸附于该耳廓部分时，固定于该耳廓部分上，以获得相关心血管系统的生理信息，另外，至少其中一脑电电极亦设置于该磁性耳戴结构上，以接触该耳廓部分的皮肤，以及至少其中另一电极接触一其它部分皮肤，以形成一脑电信号检测回路，进而取得脑电信号。
申请日：2015-01-26
申请人：周常安
149、头部动作确定方法和装置
摘要：本申请公开了一种头部动作确定方法和装置，其中，所述头部动作确定方法包括：响应于人体的一头部动作，获取所述人体的脑电检测信息；确定与所述脑电检测信息对应的头部动作。本申请提供了一种头部动作识别的新方案，头部动作识别的准确度较高。
申请日：2015-01-23
申请人：北京智谷睿拓技术服务有限公司
150、METHODS FOR ENHANCING THE DELIVERY OF ACTIVE AGENTS
摘要：A method of increasing blood-brain barrier permeability of selected brain tissue in a subject in need thereof is carried out by :  (a) parenterally administering to the subject stem cells that migrate to the brain tissue,  the stem cells containing a recombinant nucleic acid,  the recombinant nucleic acid comprising a nucleic acid encoding a barrier-opening protein or peptide operably associated with a heat-inducible promoter;  and then (b) selectively heating the selected brain tissue sufficient to induce the expression of the barrier-opening protein or peptide in an amount effective to increase the permeability of the blood-brain barrier in the selected brain tissue. Nucleic acids,  vectors,  stem cells and compositions useful for carrying out such methods are also described.
申请日：2015-01-13
申请人：WAKE FOREST UNIVERSITY HEALTH SCIENCES
151、METHODS FOR ENHANCING THE DELIVERY OF ACTIVE AGENTS
摘要：A method of increasing blood-brain barrier permeability of selected brain tissue in a subject in need thereof is carried out by :  (a) parenterally administering to the subject stem cells that migrate to the brain tissue,  the stem cells containing a recombinant nucleic acid,  the recombinant nucleic acid comprising a nucleic acid encoding a barrier-opening protein or peptide operably associated with a heat-inducible promoter;  and then (b) selectively heating the selected brain tissue sufficient to induce the expression of the barrier-opening protein or peptide in an amount effective to increase the permeability of the blood-brain barrier in the selected brain tissue. Nucleic acids,  vectors,  stem cells and compositions useful for carrying out such methods are also described.
申请日：2015-01-13
申请人：WAKE FOREST UNIVERSITY HEALTH SCIENCES
152、一种终端控制方法及装置
摘要：本发明实施例公开了一种终端控制方法及装置，涉及信号处理技术领域，其中，所述方法包括：采集预设时长的用户的第一脑电信息；根据所述第一脑电信息和预设的用户状态分析模型，确定用户的当前状态，其中，所述预设的用户状态分析模型用于表示脑电信息与用户状态之间的对应关系；根据所确定的用户的当前状态，设置终端的运行状态，进而实现对所述终端的控制。应用本发明实施例提供的方案控制终端，无需通过用户的肢体或者声音也可实现对终端的控制，能够方便有行为障碍或者语言障碍的用户控制终端，丰富了用户与终端之间的交互方式。
申请日：2014-12-31
申请人：北京奇艺世纪科技有限公司
153、FILM DEPOSITION USING SPATIAL ATOMIC LAYER DEPOSITION OR PULSED CHEMICAL VAPOR DEPOSITION
摘要：Provided are atomic layer deposition methods to deposit a film using a circular batch processing chamber with a plurality of sections separated by gas curtains so that each section independently has a process condition.
申请日：2014-12-31
申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC
154、一种基于脑电信号的驾驶员辅助人车交互系统
摘要：本发明涉及一种利用脑电信号(EEG)进行控制的辅助驾驶员的人车交互系统及其相关计算方法。人-车辆系统中人的任务分为驾驶任务(车道保持及危险监控等)和非驾驶任务(与驾驶任务无直接关系的车载装置的开关等，比如空调的开关，音乐播放器的开关等)。本发明目的在于实现非驾驶任务当中驾驶员与车辆之间的一种新型交互模式。运用本发明的方法，驾驶员不再用肢体进行非驾驶任务，而是用大脑。驾驶员只需要按照自己的需求进行对应的任务，然后系统对相应的脑电信息进行处理分析，读取驾驶员的需求，进而实现非驾驶任务的执行，实现一种新型人车交互模式。本发明属于车辆设计领域、人机交互科学、认知神经科学和自动控制领域的综合应用。
申请日：2014-12-19
申请人：北京理工大学
155、USE OF NON-OXIDIZING STRONG ACIDS FOR THE REMOVAL OF ION-IMPLANTED RESIST
摘要：A method and composition for removing bulk and/or ion-implanted resist material from microelectronic devices have been developed. The compositions effectively remove the ion-implanted resist material while not damaging the silicon-containing or germanium-containing materials.
申请日：2014-12-19
申请人：ENTEGRIS INC
156、METHOD FOR LOCATING AT LEAST ONE OBJECT MOVABLE MAGNET,  AND SYSTEM THEREFOR
摘要：A method for locating at least one movable magnetic object relative to a network of at least N tri-axial magnetometers linked together mechanically with no degree of freedom to retain a known relative position of these magnetometers,  N being an integer number at least equal to 2,  comprises,  continuously :  a step of detection of a magnetometer capable of being magnetized,  i.e. capable of delivering as output measurements comprising a measurement bias following a magnetization;  a step of correction,  by means of a correction bias,  of the measurements delivered by the magnetometer capable of being magnetized,  the correction bias corresponding to a deviation between the measurements supplied by the magnetometer as input for a location filtering and the estimations,  upon the location filtering,  of the data delivered by the magnetometer;  and a step of consideration of the magnetometer as not capable of being magnetized,  by taking into account the step of correction of the magnetometer capable of being magnetized.
申请日：2014-12-09
申请人：ISKN
157、CONVERSATION AGENT
摘要：Various systems and methods for a conversation agent are described herein. A system for a conversation agent includes a context module to determine a context of a conversation involving a first participant and a second participant;  a conversation history module to access a conversation history of the first participant and a conversation history of the second participant;  a conversation topic module to identify a conversation topic using the context of the conversation,  the conversation history of the first participant,  and the conversation history of the second participant;  and a presentation module to present the conversation topic to the first participant.
申请日：2014-12-04
申请人：Intel Corporation
158、DRY CHLORINATION PROCESS TO PRODUCE ANHYDROUS RARE EARTH CHLORIDES
摘要：A process for producing at least one rare earth chloride from an ore containing the at least one rare earth comprises :  contacting the ore containing the at least one rare earth with reactants comprising a carbonaceous reducing agent,  chlorine,  and a boron-containing Lewis acid in a chlorination reactor to produce a gaseous product and a non-volatile chloride mixture comprising the at least one rare earth chloride.
申请日：2014-11-25
申请人：NIOBEC INC
159、CUSTOMIZATION OF HELP INFORMATION BASED ON EEG DATA
摘要：A method (100) is implemented by a computing device for helping a particular user use a user interface (UI). Electroencephalography (EEG) data is obtained (102) that indicates brain activity of a particular user during a period in which that user views the UI and/or interprets help information that describes how to use the UI. Based on the EEG data,  the computing device selects (104),  from among multiple pre-defined cognitive states,  the one or more cognitive states that characterize the particular user during the period. The computing device assists (106) the particular user to use the UI by customizing the help information for the particular user based on the one or more selected cognitive states. A complementary computing device and computer program product are also disclosed.
申请日：2014-10-24
申请人：Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (publ)
160、一种深度信息感知脑机融合避障导航装置
摘要：本发明一种深度信息感知脑机融合避障导航装置，涉及一种利用深度感知信息来躲避障碍物，并完成导航功能的装置，属于医疗辅助设备及智能机器人领域，其特征是：定位导航装置置于无线信号发射接收装置的正下方，中央处理器置于下固定盒的中间部位，且位于系统设置器的下方，图形处理器置于中央处理器的右侧，随机访问存储器置于图形处理器的正下方，固定存储器置于中央处理器的左侧，感知装置电源置于安全预警指示灯的左侧，无线通讯器置于感知装置电源的左侧，红外深度传感器位于无线通讯器的左侧，信息感知控制器置于感知箱的最左端，左双目摄像机和右双目摄像机分别置于信息感知控制器的右侧和红外深度传感器的左侧。
申请日：2014-10-12
申请人：中国矿业大学; 中国科学院计算技术研究所; 丁世飞
161、AUTOMATED RUNTIME DETECTION OF MALWARE
摘要：In the case of one exemplary method and corresponding device the loading time extracts the model of computer application database stores the model of computer application in.  To this exemplary method and corresponding device the in addition at runtime to collect the contact is inserted instructions into applications computer.  Then the exemplary method and corresponding device request from one or more of the security events to detect computer application of stored model at runtime collected,  analyzes the state machine that one or more security using a tracking events.
申请日：2014-09-12
申请人：버섹 시스템즈 인코포레이션
162、Activity-centric contextual modes of operation for electronic devices
摘要：Based on an observation of user behaviors,  users change functionalities of electronic devices whenever users shift their activities. For example,  when a user is going to sleep,  said user may turn off TV and lights,  set alarm,  and set vibration for smart phone. All said changes to the functionalities are related to a shift in user-activity to “sleep” and may require clicks,  pinches,  swipes or else to buttons,  touch screens,  and other user interface tools,  which are all too complex for many users. This invention provides systems and methods to reduce the complexity in user interface practice. When this invention detects a new user-activity,  it automatically applies required changes to functionalities,  which are predefined as a mode of operation for the detected user-activity. Thus user interface practice and user experience of this invention is simple,  intuitive and better suited for recent complexity in functionality.
申请日：2014-09-12
申请人：Joonyoung Lee
163、PREDICTING BREAST CANCER RECURRENCE
摘要：Provided are methods of determining risk of cancer recurrence in a subject afflicted with breast cancer. Also provided are methods of determining responsiveness to treatment of a subject afflicted with breast cancer. Additionally provided are methods of treating a subject afflicted with breast cancer.
申请日：2014-09-10
申请人：BIO THERANOSTICS INC; SCHNABEL Catherine A; SGROI Dennis C; ZHANG Yi; SCHROEDER Brock; ERLANDER Mark G
164、METHOD FOR QUALIFYING THE EFFECTIVE MODAL BANDWIDTH OF A MULTIMODE FIBER OVER A WIDE WAVELENGTH RANGE FROM A SINGLE WAVELENGTH DMD MEASUREMENT AND METHOD FOR SELECTING A HIGH EFFECTIVE MODAL BANDWIDTH MULTIMODE FIBER FROM A BATCH OF MULTIMODE FIBERS
摘要：The invention relates to a method for qualifying the actual effective modal bandwidth of a multimode optical fiber over a predetermined wavelength range,  comprising the steps of :  carrying out (30) a Dispersion Modal Delay (DMD) measurement of the multimode optical fiber at a single wavelength to obtain an actual DMD plot;  generating (32) at least two distinct modified DMD plots from the actual DMD plot,  each modified DMD plot being generated by applying a temporal delay At to the recorded traces that increases in absolute values with the radial offset value roffset,  each modified DMD plot being associated with a predetermined bandwidth threshold (S1;  S2);  for each modified DMD plot,  computing (33) an effective modal bandwidth as a function of said modified DMD plot and comparing (34) the computed effective modal bandwidth (EMBc1;  EMBc2) with the bandwidth threshold value to which the modified DMD plot is associated;  (35) qualifying the actual effective modal bandwidth as a function of results from the comparing step. 
申请日：2014-09-03
申请人：DRAKA COMTEQ BV
165、VENT ADAPTER FOR LEAD-ACID BATTERY SYSTEMS
摘要：A vent adapter for a lead-acid battery includes a first side configured to mate with a vent port of the lead-acid battery via a first connector having a first geometry;  and a second side in fluid communication with the first side and configured to mate with a vent passage of an automobile via a second connector having a second geometry,  wherein the first and second geometries have respective shapes that are different from one another.
申请日：2014-07-24
申请人：JOHNSON CONTROLS TECH CO
166、VENT ADAPTER FOR LEAD-ACID BATTERY SYSTEMS
摘要：A vent adapter for a lead-acid battery includes a first side configured to mate with a vent port of the lead-acid battery via a first connector having a first geometry;  and a second side in fluid communication with the first side and configured to mate with a vent passage of an automobile via a second connector having a second geometry,  wherein the first and second geometries have respective shapes that are different from one another.
申请日：2014-07-24
申请人：JOHNSON CONTROLS TECHNOLOGY COMPANY
167、一种运动想象脑电信号的特征提取方法
摘要：本发明涉及一种运动想象脑电信号的特征提取方法。所述方法首先将采集到的脑电信号进行预处理，然后对每导信号进行经验模态分解(EMD)，得到多阶的固有模态函数(IMF)信号，接着选取相同阶数的IMF信号作为新的信号，通过共同空间模式算法(CSP)获得空间滤波器，提取脑电信号的特征，并输入到分类器中进行分类，并根据分类准确率选取EMD和CSP中参数的最优值，最终获得最优参数下的脑电特征。本发明采用基于EMD与CSP对运动想象脑电信号进行特征提取，可以根据每个人脑电信号的特点，将信号自适应地分解成多个IMF信号，只需较少的电极就可以进行脑电信号的特征提取，并且从而较大程度地提高了脑电信号的分类准确率。
申请日：2014-07-04
申请人：北京工业大学
168、data eyeglasses
摘要：data eyeglasses ,  the at least one device for optical Signalling of variable information,  a sensor for detecting the position and tracking the movement of the data eyeglasses ,  an automatic regulating/control system,  the controls by the receiver has the device for optical signalling,  or on the head-worn device comprising a frame and one at the,  on which the apparatus for optical signalling,  the mounting bracket and the regulating/control system are fixed,  characterized in that the interface system has data eyeglasses a brain-Computers-.
申请日：2014-07-02
申请人：Christian Stroetmann
169、Information,  data eyeglasses[...] communication system for vehicles with
摘要：Information,  [...] Communication system for vehicle,  the an onboard computer,  a data eyeglasses to at least one device for optical signalling of variable information,  a sensor for sensing the position and the movement of the control system and an automatic regulating/ data eyeglasses persecution,  the controls by the receiver has the apparatus for optical signalling has,  a compound of the on-board computer with the vehicle electronicsdata eyeglasses and a compound of the on-board computer with the,  so that the control over the access to the sensor data and the actuator controller data eyeglasses has vehicle electronics ,  characterized in that the information,  [...] communication system at least one separate non-contact,  optical or acoustic sensor for position detection and movement tracking the data eyeglasses ,  the cooperating with the automatic regulating/control system and its data eyeglasses[...] the motion tracking system.
申请日：2014-07-02
申请人：Christian Stroetmann
170、一种基于组合差异进化的脑电信号特征选择及分类方法
摘要：本发明公开了一种基于组合差异进化的脑电信号特征选择及分类方法，通过利用组合差异进化算法在全局搜索能力和快速收敛方面的突出表现，迅速找到最佳空间滤波系数和特征向量，克服现有技术中需依靠人工确定空间滤波系数和特征向量的工作繁琐且低效的问题，并利用搜索到的最佳空间滤波系数和特征向量训练分类器，对脑电信号进行分类，提高脑电信号的识别率。实现了对脑电信号的自动化识别，降低了人工劳动强度，大大提高了脑电信号的处理效率。
申请日：2014-06-05
申请人：中南大学
171、Methods and systems for controlling body parts and devices using ipsilateral motor cortex and motor related cortex
摘要：A system for controlling a body part includes a number of sensing devices that sense signals from a hemisphere of a brain. A signal translating unit translates the signals into a command signal for controlling the body part,  which is on a same side of the body as the hemisphere of the brain. A prosthetic device receives the command signal from the signal translating unit and manipulates the body part in response to the command signal.
申请日：2014-05-30
申请人：Washington University
172、Collapsible torque wrench
摘要：The torque wrench 30 includes a shank 40 having a drive head 42 at a front end and two pivoted ends (45,  47,  Figure 5) at a rear end. A front end of a connection rod 50 is pivotally connected with the first pivoted end. A housing 60 includes a tubular body 61 and a casing 65 fixedly disposed on one side of the tubular body. The connection rod is relatively slidably fitted in the tubular body. A torque adjustment mechanism includes a fixing block (70,  Figure 5) mounted in the tubular body by at least two pins 75. A stop member 80 is received in the casing with a front end pivotally connected with the second pivoted end of the shank. The stop member is angularly displaceable within the casing. The fixing block may be easily demounted from the tubular body for replacement. An alternative torque wrench includes a branch bar,  a sandwich pivot structure with two lugs,  a collar and at least one pin member.
申请日：2014-05-12
申请人：KABO TOOL CO
173、HYBRID AUGMENTED REALITY MULTIMODAL OPERATION NEURAL INTEGRATION ENVIRONMENT
摘要：A method of controlling a device relative to one or more objects in an environment of a user employing the device may include receiving a volitional input from the user indicative of a task to be performed relative to an object with the device,  receiving object targeting information associated with interaction between the device and the object where the object targeting information is presented in an augmented reality context,  integrating the volitional input with the object targeting information to determine a control command to direct the device to interact with the object,  and providing the control command to the device.
申请日：2014-05-12
申请人：The Johns Hopkins University
174、CLASSIFYING EEG SIGNALS IN RESPONSE TO VISUAL STIMULUS
摘要：Systems and method for classifying EEG signals of a human subject generated responsive to a series of images containing target images and non-target images. The EEG signals are in a spatio-temporal representation. The time points are classified independently,  using a linear discriminant classifier,  to compute spatio-temporal discriminating weights that are used to amplify the spatio-temporal representation,  to create a spatially-weighted representation. Principal Component Analysis is used on a temporal domain for dimensionality reduction,  separately for each spatial channel of the signals,  to create a projection,  which is applied to the spatially-weighted representation onto a first plurality of principal components,  to create a temporally approximated spatially weighted representation. The temporally approximated spatially weighted representation is classified over the channels,  using said linear discriminant classifier,  to yield a binary decisions series indicative of each image of the images series as either belonging to said target image or to said non-target image.
申请日：2014-04-13
申请人：B G NEGEV TECHNOLOGIES AND APPLICATIONS LTD AT BEN GURION UNIVERSITY; YISSUM RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT COMPANY OF THE HEBREW UNIVERSITY OF JERUSALEM LTD
175、CLASSIFYING EEG SIGNALS IN RESPONSE TO VISUAL STIMULUS
摘要：Systems and method for conduction of single trial classification of EEG signals of a human subject generated responsive to a series of images containing target images and non-target images,  the method comprising :  obtaining said EEG signals in a spatio-temporal representation comprising time points and respective spatial distribution of said EEG signals;  classifying said time points independently,  using a linear discriminant classifier,  to compute spatio-temporal discriminating weights;  using said spatio-temporal discriminating weights to amplify said spatio-temporal representation by said spatio-temporal discriminating weights at tempo-spatial points respectively,  to create a spatially-weighted representation;  using Principal Component Analysis (PCA) on a temporal domain for dimensionality reduction,  separately for each spatial channel of said EEG signals,  to create a PCA projection;  applying said PCA projection to said spatially-weighted representation onto a first plurality of principal components,  to create a temporally approximated spatially weighted representation containing for each spatial channel,  PCA coefficients for said plurality of principal temporal projections;  and classifying said temporally approximated spatially weighted representation,  over said number of channels,  using said linear discriminant classifier,  to yield a binary decisions series indicative of each image of the images series as either belonging to said target image or to said non-target image.
申请日：2014-04-13
申请人：YISSUM RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT COMPANY OF THE HEBREW UNIVERSITY OF JERUSALEM LTD
176、METHOD OF FABRICATING NANO-SCALE STRUCTURES AND NANO-SCALE STRUCTURES FABRICATED USING THE METHOD
摘要：The invention provides a fabrication method of batch producing nano-scale structures,  such as arrays of silicon pillars of high aspect ratio. The invention also relates to providing arrays of high aspect ratio silicon pillars fabricated using the improved fabrication method. The array of silicon pillars is fabricated from arrays of low aspect ratio pyramid-shaped structures. Mask formed from a hard material,  such as a metal mask,  is formed on top of each of the pyramid-shaped structures in a batch process. The pyramid-shaped structures are subsequently etched to remove substrate materials not protected by the hard masks,  so that a high aspect ratio pillar or shaft is formed on the pyramid-shaped low aspect ratio base,  resulting in an array of high aspect ratio silicon pillars.
申请日：2014-04-09
申请人：CUI Bo; DEY Ripon Kumar
177、信息处理方法及装置
摘要：本发明公开了一种信息处理方法及装置，属于电子技术领域。所述方法包括：获取操作体发出的第一信息，并解析所述第一信息，将解析的第一信息与预存指令相匹配；当获得至少一个匹配的指令时，启动所述图像采集单元，采集所述操作体的图像信息，并判断所述图像信息是否符合预设条件；若所述图像信息符合预设条件，则执行所述解析的第一信息包括的所述至少一个匹配的指令。本发明通过获取并解析操作体发出的第一信息以及将解析的第一信息与预存指令匹配，并在采集到操作体的图像信息符合预设条件的情况下，执行与解析的第一信息包括的至少一个匹配的指令，确保能够根据操作体发出的第一信息直接处理操作体需要的信息，提高了处理信息的效率。
申请日：2014-03-24
申请人：联想(北京)有限公司
178、ELECTROPHYSIOLOGY MEASUREMENT AND TRAINING AND REMOTE DATABASED AND DATA ANALYSIS MEASUREMENT METHOD AND SYTEM
摘要：A method and system provides for electrophysiological data analysis in a networked processing environment. The method and system includes receiving,  via a networked connection,  electrophysiological data of a patient and electronically performing,  via at least one network processing device,  a data analysis on the electrophysiological data. The method and system includes generating at least one report based on the data analysis,  wherein the at least one report includes determination of one or more intervention options for the patient and therein transmitting the report to a recipient device across the network connection for utilization with the patient. The results of the report direct the user to apply from within the same system non-invasive brain stimulation,  neurofeedback,  and biofeedback modalities. Re-assessment can occur from within the same system following the training or modulation of electrophysiology and thereby generate a comparison report showing functional changes from the provided intervention or combined interventions.
申请日：2014-03-17
申请人：David W Hagedorn; James W G Thompson
179、DYE FREE LIQUID THERAPEUTIC SOLUTION
摘要：A liquid composition is provided. The composition includes at least one active pharmaceutical ingredient dissolved in a liquid carrier system. The liquid carrier includes polyethylene glycol and a co-solvent selected from the group consisting of :  propylene glycol,  glycerin,  and a sugar alcohol. The composition is essentially dye free,  present as a single-phase at room temperature,  and optionally contains water.
申请日：2014-03-07
申请人：NOVARTIS CONSUMER HEALTH INC; NOVARTIS HEALTHCARE PRIVATE LIMITED
180、Method for Enhancing Reliability of BCI System
摘要：An embodiment is a method for increasing the reliability about an output value of a BCI system of a user using a brainwave,  which comprises the following steps :  constituting a predictor which determines whether a BCI system is proper according to whether a brainwave of a user is generated;  constituting a distributor in which intention of the user is stored according to the brainwave of the user to apply the intention to the BCI system;  calculating an output value of the BCI system based on the the brainwave of the user;  measuring the reliability of the output value;  and determining whether to use the output value. Therefore,  the BCI system optimized for the user can de designed and the reliability of the output value from the BCI system can be increased.(D1) Learning step F(C)=y(D2) Using step F(0)=y&prime; (D3) Measure reliability(S1) Organize a predictorCOPYRIGHT KIPO 2015
申请日：2014-03-06
申请人：GWANGJU INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
181、一种脑电自适应的音频播放器
摘要：本实用新型公开了一种脑电自适应的音频播放器，它涉及一种音频播放设备。它包括播放器和脑电信号采集装置，播放器和脑电信号采集装置通过蓝牙通讯连接，所述的播放器包括蓝牙接收器、液晶显示屏、播放控制器、CD驱动器和音箱，播放器的顶端设置有蓝牙接收器，蓝牙接收器的下方依次设置有液晶显示屏、播放控制器和CD驱动器，播放器的两侧设置有音箱。本实用新型通过采集用户的脑电波来判断其当前的情感状态，进而选择当前最适合用户欣赏的音乐，同时也能够自动调节音量达到用户当前最适合接受的程度，所有的调节过程都由系统自动实现和完成，使得整个播放过程对脑电波能够做到自适应，更为有趣。
申请日：2014-03-04
申请人：江西科技学院
182、Long-Term Implantable Silicon Carbide Neural Interface Device Using the Electrical Field Effect
摘要：Field effect devices,  such as capacitors and field effect transistors,  are used to interact with neurons. Cubic silicon carbide is biocompatible with the neuronal environment and has the chemical and physical resilience required to withstand the body environment and does not produce toxic byproducts. It is used as a basis for generating a biocompatible semiconductor field effect device that interacts with the brain for long periods of time. The device signals capacitively and receives signals using field effect transistors. These signals can be used to drive very complicated systems such as multiple degree of freedom limb prosthetics,  sensory replacements,  and may additionally assist in therapies for diseases like Parkinson' s disease.
申请日：2014-01-14
申请人：UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA
183、MULTILAYERED POLYOLEFIN BASED FILMS HAVING INTEGRATED BACKSHEET AND ENCAPSULATION PERFORMANCE COMPRISING A LAYER COMPRISING CRYSTALLINE BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE OR BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE
摘要：A multilayer film structure comprising a top encapsulation layer A a tie Layer B between top Layer A and bottom Layer C and a bottom layer C the multilayer film structure characterized in that tie Layer B comprises a crystalline block composite resin or a block composite resin and bottom Layer C comprises a polyolefin having at least one melting point greater than 125°C.
申请日：2013-12-24
申请人：DOW GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC
184、MULTILAYERED POLYOLEFIN BASED FILMS HAVING A LAYER COMPRISING A CRYSTALLINE BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE OR A BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE RESIN
摘要：Disclosed are multilayer film structures comprising a layer (B) that comprises a crystalline block copolymer composite (CBC) or a specified block copolymer composite (BC) comprising i) an ethylene polymer (EP) comprising at least 80 mol % polymerized ethylene;  ii) an alpha olefin based crystalline polymer (CAOP) and iii) a block copolymer comprising (a) an ethylene polymer block comprising at least 80 mol % polymerized ethylene and (b) a crystalline alpha olefin block (CAOB);  and a layer C that comprises a polyolefin having at least one melting peak greater than 1255C the top facial surface of layer C in adhering contact with the bottom facial surface of layer B. Such multilayer film structure preferably comprises (A) a seal layer A having a bottom facial surface in adhering contact with the top facial surface of layer B. Such films are suited for use in electronic device (ED) modules comprising an electronic device such as a PV cell. Also disclosed is a lamination process to construct a laminated PV module comprising such multilayer film structures.
申请日：2013-12-20
申请人：DOW GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC
185、METHODS FOR THE PREPARATION OF SUBSTITUTED ACETOPHENONES
摘要：The present application discloses novel methods for the preparation of pyrid-4-yl substituted acetophenones,  in particular 2-{6-[2-(3, 5-dichloro-pyridin-4-yl)-acetyl]-2, 3-dimethoxy-phenoxy}-N-propyl-acetamide. The application also discloses novel stable crystalline forms of 2-{6-[2-(3, 5-dichloro-pyridin-4-yl)-acetyl]-2, 3-dimethoxy-phenoxy}-N-propyl-acetamide.
申请日：2013-12-18
申请人：LEO PHARMA A/S
186、Method for estimating PCB radiated emissions
摘要：A method for estimating PCB radiated emissions includes providing a BCI probe and a vector network analyzer;  performing a calibration step;  performing a measurement step;  and performing an estimation step. A transfer impedance of the BCI probe is measured via a clamping device in the procedure of performing a calibration step. A measurement-input transfer function of an object and an output-input transfer function of the object are measured via the BCI probe in the procedure of performing a measurement step. Eventually,  radiated emissions of the object can be estimated according to the measurement-input transfer function,  the output-input transfer function and the transfer impedance in the procedure of performing an estimation step. The present invention accurately estimates radiated emissions of the object with low cost and high speed.
申请日：2013-12-05
申请人：NATIONAL SUN YAT SEN UNIVERSITY
187、METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR DETERMINING PRIVACY POLICY FOR DEVICES BASED ON BRAIN WAVE INFORMATION
摘要：An approach is provided for processing sensor data to determine an identification of at least one object. The approach involves determining brain wave data associated with at least one user during an exposure of the at least one object to at least one user. The approach also involves processing the brain wave information to determine a sensitivity information of the at least one user to the at least one object. The approach further involves causing a configuration of one or more privacy policies of at least one device based,  at least in part,  on the sensitivity information.
申请日：2013-11-29
申请人：Nokia Corporation
188、ION IMPLANTER PROVIDED WITH A PLURALITY OF PLASMA SOURCE BODIES
摘要：The invention relates to an ion implanter that comprises an enclosure ENV having arranged therein a substrate carrier PPS connected to a substrate power supply ALT via a high voltage electrical passage PET,  the enclosure ENV being provided with pump means PP,  PS,  the enclosure ENV also having at least two cylindrical source bodies CS1,  CS2 free from any obstacle and arranged facing the substrate carrier. This implanter is remarkable in that it includes at least one confinement coil BCI1-BCS1,  BCI2-BCS2 per source body CS1,  CS2.
申请日：2013-11-25
申请人：ION BEAM SERVICES
190、NANOSTRUCTURED CARBON MATERIALS FOR ADSORPTION OF METHANE AND OTHER GASES
摘要：Provided are methods for storing gases on porous adsorbents,  methods for optimizing the storage of gases on porous adsorbents,  methods of making porous adsorbents,  and methods of gas storage of optimized compositions,  as in systems containing porous adsorbents and gas adsorbed on the surface of the porous adsorbent. The disclosed methods and systems feature a constant or increasing isosteric enthalpy of adsorption as a function of uptake of the gas onto the exposed surface of a porous adsorbent. Adsorbents with a porous geometry and surface dimensions suited to a particular adsorbate are exposed to the gas at elevated pressures in the specific regime where n/V (density) is larger than predicted by the ideal gas law by more than several percent.
申请日：2013-10-10
申请人：CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY; STADIE Nicholas P; FULTZ Brent T; AHN Channing; MURIALDO Maxwell
191、THERAPY FOR LEUKEMIA
摘要：A pharmaceutically acceptable composition and method for leukemia therapy in a patient in need of such therapy. The composition contains,  as the only active agents,  the combination of (a) an inhibitor of c-Fos,  (b) an inhibitor of Dusp-1,  and (c) an inhibitor of BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase. The composition is administered to the patient in a dosing regimen for a period sufficient to provide therapy for leukemia.
申请日：2013-10-08
申请人：CHILDREN' S HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER
192、用于感觉和认知剖析的系统和方法
摘要：公开用于产生认知和/或感觉简档的方法、装置和系统。在一个方面中，用于提供被检者的认知或感觉评价的方法包括：从认知性能简档、感觉性能简档、以及认知和感觉性能简档选择简档类别；向被检者呈现一系列的刺激，该一系列的刺激基于所选择的简档类别；在呈现该一系列的刺激之前、之中和之后获取被检者的生理信号，以产生生理数据；和处理生理数据，以产生包含与所选择的简档类别相关的一个或更多个定量值的信息集。
申请日：2013-09-27
申请人：加利福尼亚大学董事会; 索尔克生物研究所
193、System and method for the recognition of the profiling and perception
摘要：Methods,  devices,  and systems are disclosed for producing cognitive and/or sensory profiles. In one aspect,  a method to provide a cognitive or sensory assessment of a subject includes selecting a profile category from among a cognitive performance profile,  a sensory performance profile,  and a cognitive and sensory performance profile,  presenting a sequence of stimuli to a subject,  the sequence of stimuli based on the selected profile category,  acquiring physiological signals of the subject before,  during,  and after the presenting the sequence of stimuli to produce physiological data,  and processing the physiological data to generate an information set including one or more quantitative values associated with the selected profile category.
申请日：2013-09-27
申请人：Salt Lake City University of California Regents Of The Sarre508154841; The Institute for Biological Studies Soruku510126542
194、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR SENSORY AND COGNITIVE PROFILING
摘要：Methods,  devices,  and systems are disclosed for producing cognitive and/or sensory profiles. In one aspect,  a method to provide a cognitive or sensory assessment of a subject includes selecting a profile category from among a cognitive performance profile,  a sensory performance profile,  and a cognitive and sensory performance profile,  presenting a sequence of stimuli to a subject,  the sequence of stimuli based on the selected profile category,  acquiring physiological signals of the subject before,  during,  and after the presenting the sequence of stimuli to produce physiological data,  and processing the physiological data to generate an information set including one or more quantitative values associated with the selected profile category.
申请日：2013-09-27
申请人：UNIV CALIFORNIA; SALK INST FOR BIOLOGICAL STUDI
195、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR SENSORY AND COGNITIVE PROFILING
摘要：Methods,  devices,  and systems are disclosed for producing cognitive and/or sensory profiles. In one aspect,  a method to provide a cognitive or sensory assessment of a subject includes selecting a profile category from among a cognitive performance profile,  a sensory performance profile,  and a cognitive and sensory performance profile,  presenting a sequence of stimuli to a subject,  the sequence of stimuli based on the selected profile category,  acquiring physiological signals of the subject before,  during,  and after the presenting the sequence of stimuli to produce physiological data,  and processing the physiological data to generate an information set including one or more quantitative values associated with the selected profile category.
申请日：2013-09-27
申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA; THE SALK INSTITUTE FOR BIOLOGICAL STUDIES
196、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR SENSORY AND COGNITIVE PROFILING
摘要：Methods,  devices,  and systems are disclosed for producing cognitive and/or sensory profiles. In one aspect,  a method to provide a cognitive or sensory assessment of a subject includes selecting a profile category from among a cognitive performance profile,  a sensory performance profile,  and a cognitive and sensory performance profile,  presenting a sequence of stimuli to a subject,  the sequence of stimuli based on the selected profile category,  acquiring physiological signals of the subject before,  during,  and after the presenting the sequence of stimuli to produce physiological data,  and processing the physiological data to generate an information set including one or more quantitative values associated with the selected profile category.
申请日：2013-09-27
申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA; THE SALK INSTITUTE FOR BIOLOGICAL STUDIES
197、Body Mind Machine Interface and Method
摘要：A body mind machine interface has a neural interface grid operably printed or implanted in or on the user,  and a sensor pad for receiving conducted electrical currents from the neural interface grid and generating an electrical signal that is transmitted to an interface computer. The interface computer has a computer processor and a computer memory,  and an interface program operably installed on the computer memory for processing the electrical signal from the sensor pad and determining a direction from the brain.
申请日：2013-09-25
申请人：Ramesh Rangiah
198、AN ELECTROPHYSIOLOGICAL SENSOR DEVICE AND A METHOD OF MANUFACTURING THE SAME
摘要：The present invention relates to an electrophysiological sensor device and a method of manufacturing the same. More particularly,  the present device is having protrusions on a substrate being in contact with skin or another part of organic tissue,  in use and act as electrodes to sense and transmit electrical signals captured from the skin or from another part of an organic tissue to a transmitter means for transmitting said signal. The present device devoid of any conductive gel and having application in detecting the electrophysiological condition of a subject and capable of being used in EEG,  ECG,  EMG,  EOG etc.
申请日：2013-09-16
申请人：DIRECTOR GENERAL DEFENCE RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT ORGANISATION
199、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR COLLECTING,  ANALYZING,  AND SHARING BIO-SIGNAL AND NON-BIO-SIGNAL DATA
摘要：A computer network implemented system for improving the operation of one or more biofeedback computer systems is provided. The system includes an intelligent bio-signal processing system that is operable to :  capture bio-signal data and in addition optionally non-bio-signal data;  and analyze the bio-signal data and non-bio-signal data,  if any,  so as to :  extract one or more features related to at least one individual interacting with the biofeedback computer system;  classify the individual based on the features by establishing one or more brain wave interaction profiles for the individual for improving the interaction of the individual with the one or more biofeedback computer systems,  and initiate the storage of the brain waive interaction profiles to a database;  and access one or more machine learning components or processes for further improving the interaction of the individual with the one or more biofeedback computer systems by updating automatically the brain wave interaction profiles based on detecting one or more defined interactions between the individual and the one or more of the biofeedback computer systems. A number of additional system and computer implemented method features are also provided.
申请日：2013-09-16
申请人：INTERAXON INC
200、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR COLLECTING,  ANALYZING,  AND SHARING BIO-SIGNAL AND NON-BIO-SIGNAL DATA
摘要：A computer network implemented system for improving the operation of one or more biofeedback computer systems is provided. The system includes an intelligent bio-signal processing system that is operable to :  capture bio-sigrial data and in addition optionally non-bio-signal data;  and analyze the bio-signal data and non-bio-signal data,  if any,  so as to :  extract one or more features related to at least one individual interacting with the biofeedback computer system;  classify the individual based on the features by establishing one or more brain wave interaction profiles for the individual for improving the interaction of the individual with the one or more biofeedback computer systems,  and initiate the storage of the brain waive interaction profiles to a database;  and access one or more machine learning components or processes for further improving the interaction of the individual with the one or more biofeedback computer systems by updating automatically the brain wave interaction profiles based on detecting one or more defined interactions between the individual and the one or more of the biofeedback computer systems. A number of additional system and computer implemented method features are also provided.
申请日：2013-09-16
申请人：INTERAXON INC
201、METHOD AND COMPOSITIONS FOR REMOVING ACID-LABILE PROTECTING GROUPS
摘要：A method for removing acid-labile protecting groups from a protected compound that has one or more acid-labile protecting groups,  said method comprising :  a. dissolving or dispersing the protected compound,  or immersing a solid support to which the protected compound is attached,  in a mixture comprising i) a fluoro alcohol,  ii) an acid and,  optionally,  iii) an organic solvent and/or a scavenger;  and b. maintaining the resulting solution or dispersion,  or keeping the solid support immersed,  for a period of time sufficient to ensure the removal of one or more acid-labile protecting groups from said protected compound,  thereby producing a deprotected or partially protected compound. The protected compound may be,  for example,  a peptide. There is also provided a composition for use in such a method,  said composition comprising i) a fluoro alcohol;  ii) an acid and,  optionally,  iii) an organic solvent and/or a scavenger.
申请日：2013-08-30
申请人：STETSENKO Dmitry; PALLADINO Pasquale
202、METHOD,  SYSTEM,  AND APPARATUS FOR TREATING A COMMUNICATION DISORDER
摘要：A system,  method,  and apparatus for treating a communication disorder includes a user input assembly,  a central processing unit configured to analyze data entered into the input assembly,  and a user output assembly configured to generate a report reflecting the analysis of the data.
申请日：2013-08-29
申请人：LINGRAPHICARE AMERICA INCORPORATED
203、METHOD,  SYSTEM,  AND APPARATUS FOR TREATING A COMMUNICATION DISORDER
摘要：A system,  method,  and apparatus for treating a communication disorder includes a user input assembly,  a central processing unit configured to analyze data entered into the input assembly,  and a user output assembly configured to generate a report reflecting the analysis of the data.
申请日：2013-08-29
申请人：LINGRAPHICARE AMERICA INCORPORATED
204、User equipment and method for matching interference channel codeword in inter-cell multi-aerial coordinated system
摘要：The embodiment of the present document provides a method for matching an interference channel codeword in an inter-cell multi-antenna coordinated system,  including :  a user equipment obtaining a signal to interference plus noise ratio (SINR),  or obtaining a SINR and a signal to noise ratio (SNR),  and comparing the SINR,  or the SINR and the SNR,  with a preset threshold,  generating coordinated multi-point transmission/reception (COMP) policy information according to a comparison result,  and transmitting the COMP policy information to the base station. The present document further provides a user equipment.
申请日：2013-08-09
申请人：ZTE CORPORATION
205、一种采用微流控芯片构建三维神经网络的装置及其制备和使用方法
摘要：本发明公开了一种采用微流控芯片构建三维神经网络的装置及其制备和使用方法。所述装置包括微流控芯片、用于黏附神经细胞的微球和基底，其中所述微流控芯片包括一层或多层PDMS弹性层并具有通孔，所述PDMS弹性层具有供神经细胞突起延伸的微流管道，所述通孔与基底形成用于容纳微球的小室。本发明的装置制备简单，使用其形成的神经网络具有多级结构、高度有序且相互连通的特征，较现有方法更接近体内真实情况，且细胞观察方便。
申请日：2013-07-25
申请人：国家纳米科学中心
206、APPARATUS FOR CONSTRUCTING THREE-DIMENSIONAL NEURAL NETWORK BY USING MICRO-FLUIDIC CHIP AND METHODS FOR PREPARING AND USING SAME
摘要：An apparatus for constructing a three-dimensional neural network by using a micro-fluidic chip and methods for preparing and using same. The apparatus comprises a micro-fluidic chip,  microspheres for adhering nerve cells,  and a substrate. The micro-fluidic chip comprises one or more PDMS elastic layers and has through holes. The PDMS elastic layers have micro-fluidic pipelines for nerve cell processes to extend,  and the through holes and the substrate form small rooms for accommodating the microspheres.
申请日：2013-07-25
申请人：NATIONAL CENTER FOR NANOSCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY CHINA
207、METHOD OF FEEDING BACK MU CQI IN A COMMUNICATION SYSTEM TRANSMISSION POINT DEVICE AND USER EQUIPMENT
摘要：There are provided a method user equipment and transmission point device for feeding back channel quality indicator (MU CQI) to the transmission point in a communication system including the transmissin point and a plurality of user equipments the method comprising steps :  the transmission point sending a message to an intended user equipment of the plurality of user equipments;  and the intended user equipment calculating the MU CQI based on the message and feeding back the MU CQI to the transmission point. The present disclosure enables dynamic MU operation and improves link adaptation performance with marginal downlink overhead. And the accuracy is not limited by codebook size.
申请日：2013-07-10
申请人：PANASONIC INTELLECTUAL PROPERTYCORPORATION OF AMERICA
208、METHOD OF MANUFACTURING COMPOSITE BODIES OF SYSTEM CONFIGURATION STRUCTURE CELL AND COMPONENT MATERIAL
摘要：PROBLEM TO BE SOLVED :  To provide an innovative invention of technology for solving problems associated with human life such as energy problems,  population problems,  food problems,  global warming,  and the growth of the ozone hole.SOLUTION :  There are manufactured various devices which are system configuration structure cell power generation devices that lead people to peaceful symbiosis and interdependency,  and accelerates area integration in a self-sufficient type C60 fullerene C60 earth federal symbiosis urban group by global sharing of electric power information,  population control,  increased food production,  upgrading of urban functions,  electric power generation in on-sea and underground experimental urban by wave power,  wind power,  solar light,  solar heat,  geothermal energy,  and gas,  controls electric power generation,  finance,  physical distribution,  zero-age education,  hospitals,  etc.,  and performs management and supervision with life principle democracy suppressing crimes,  wars,  and regional conflicts.COPYRIGHT :  (C)2015, JPO&INPIT
申请日：2013-06-26
申请人：SUCHI KOICHI
209、ASSEMBLING METHOD,  MONITORING METHOD,  COMMUNICATION METHOD,  AUGMENTED REALITY SYSTEM AND COMPUTER PROGRAM PRODUCT
摘要：An augmented reality system,  an assembling method for assembling a first set-up component to a second set-up component under the assistance of an augmented reality system,  a method for monitoring a set-up component and a method for transmitting data from or to a set-up component are provided. The augmented realty system may capture a variable marker associated with the respective set-up component. The augmented reality system can recognize the location and/or status of the variable marker and thus decide whether the connection between the first and second set-up component is established correctly or not. Further,  data can be transmitted by the variable marker monitored by the augmented reality system.
申请日：2013-06-18
申请人：Sartorius Stedim Biotech GmbH
210、APPARATUS AND METHOD FOR BRAIN-BRAIN INTERFACING
摘要：Brain-brain interface processing in,  cognitive intended and a mobile station to measure the signal brain of the subject,  based on signal brain cognitive intended infer on an end of the associative of the object mark to be detected,  predetermined plurality of brain neural and neural part corresponding in shape to a matched reference shape during inferring a reference shape to detect the,  brain neural and neural part matched ultrasonic stimulating parameters detected fiducials is a combination of a shape is matched to the corresponding brain neural function stimulating the probe optimal control to detect the combination of parameters,  detecting ultrasonic stimulating parameters based on a combination of ultrasonic irradiation of the subject organ by including neural site non-invasive focused ultrasound ([...]) the irradiated with (focused ultrasound).  The,  intended of the subject recognition intended neural brain (intention) according to information (or cognitive),  non-invasive ultrasonic performing a highly-accurate a generic and space another via stimulating neural brain in a subject (or cognitive) can be control a function of the.
申请日：2013-05-24
申请人：KOREA UNIVERSITY RESEARCH AND BUSINESS FOUNDATION
211、The system which supports a authentication process of a user who using a non-facing service
摘要：The present invention relates to a system which supports the authentication process of a user who uses a non-facing service (NFS). According to the embodiment of the present invention,  the system which supports the authentication process of a user who uses a non-facing service (NFS) includes a BCS acquisition module acquiring a base clue information for certificating a person (BCI);  and an NFS user process module for certificating a person. [Reference numerals] (1) NFS providing system;  (10) Wire/wireless online network;  (101) Authentication support control module;  (102) Interface module;  (103) Operation information storage module;  (104) Credit information storage module;  (105) BCI acquisition module;  (106) Authentication required space selection module;  (107) Media unique number obtaining module for authentication;  (108) NFS user authentication process module;  (113) External attribution an authentication key process module;  (2) NFS user information process device;  (3) FTM issuing operation server
申请日：2013-05-20
申请人：NICE INFORMATION SERVICE CO LTD
212、METHOD FOR ASSESSING THE TREATMENT OF ATTENTION-DEFICIT/HYPERACTIVITY DISORDER
摘要：According to one aspect,  there is provided a method for assessing the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in a subject,  the method comprising :  obtaining electroencephalographic (EEG) data relating to a plurality of subjects diagnosed with ADHD;  extracting,  for each of the plurality of subjects,  at least one feature from the EEG data relating to that subject;  formulating a prediction model by performing regression analysis to map the extracted features against one or more markers for each of the plurality of subjects;  and determining that the prediction model provides an ADHD assessment if one or more of the markers are indicators of a clinical measure of interest.
申请日：2013-03-28
申请人：AGENCY FOR SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH; NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF SINGAPORE; INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH
213、METHOD FOR ASSESSING THE TREATMENT OF ATTENTION-DEFICIT/HYPERACTIVITY DISORDER
摘要：According to one aspect,  there is provided a method for assessing the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in a subject,  the method comprising :  obtaining electroencephalographic (EEG) data relating to a plurality of subjects diagnosed with ADHD;  extracting,  for each of the plurality of subjects,  at least one feature from the EEG data relating to that subject;  formulating a prediction model by performing regression analysis to map the extracted features against one or more markers for each of the plurality of subjects;  and determining that the prediction model provides an ADHD assessment if one or more of the markers are indicators of a clinical measure of interest.
申请日：2013-03-28
申请人：AGENCY FOR SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH; NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF SINGAPORE; INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH
214、Wireless Implantable Data Communication System,  Method and Sensing Device
摘要：Disclosed herein is a wireless implantable communication system,  method and sensing device,  wherein an implantable data conversion module is adapted for operative coupling to a distinct or integrated implantable sensing device for the conversion of a characteristic signal for transmission thereof to an external receiver,  e.g. by way of an inductive element. Upon positioning an external inductive element in the vicinity of the implanted device,  a corresponding signal is induced within the external element allowing for reconstruction of the converted signal,  and thereby allowing for recovery of the characteristic signal. Embodiments for the communication of data across a biological barrier,  including communications from an external transmitter to an implanted receiver,  an implanted transmitter to an external receiver,  and an implanted transmitter/receiver pair are also disclosed.
申请日：2013-03-15
申请人：Myndtec Inc
215、WIRELESS IMPLANTABLE DATA COMMUNICATION SYSTEM,  METHOD AND SENSING DEVICE
摘要：Disclosed herein is a wireless implantable communication system,  method and sensing device,  wherein an implantable data conversion module is adapted for operative coupling to a distinct or integrated implantable sensing device for the conversion of a characteristic signal for transmission thereof to an external receiver,  e.g. by way of an inductive element. Upon positioning an external inductive element in the vicinity of the implanted device,  a corresponding signal is induced within the external element allowing for reconstruction of the converted signal,  and thereby allowing for recovery of the characteristic signal. Embodiments for the communication of data across a biological barrier,  including communications from an external transmitter to an implanted receiver,  an implanted transmitter to an external receiver,  and an implanted transmitter/receiver pair are also disclosed.
申请日：2013-03-15
申请人：MYNDTEC INC
216、Method for removing seed layer in manufacturing printed circuit board and printed circuit board manufactured by using the same
摘要：Disclosed herein is a method for removing a seed layer in manufacturing a printed circuit board,  the method including :  forming a photo resist layer on a printed circuit board having a seed layer formed on a surface thereof;  removing the photo resist layer according to a predetermined pattern;  forming a plating layer for a circuit on the predetermined pattern from which the photo resist layer is removed;  exposing the seed layer by removing the photo resist layer around the plating layer;  forming a corrosion layer on surfaces of the seed layer and the plating layer by performing a chemical reaction of the substrate from which the seed layer is exposed in a reactor in which a predetermined gas is filled;  and removing the seed layer by irradiating a laser on the corrosion layer to remove the corrosion layer.
申请日：2013-03-14
申请人：Samsung Electro Mechanics Co Ltd
217、PLASMA-CHLORINATED ELECTRODE AND ORGANIC ELECTRONIC DEVICES USING THE SAME
摘要：A method is disclosed for elevating the work function of conductive layers such as indium tin oxide by chlorine-containing plasma exposure or etching. Also disclosed are electronic devices such as organic light-emitting diodes and organic photovoltaic cells with a chlorine plasma-treated conductive layer as the hole-injecting or hole-accepting electrode. The performance of the devices is enhanced due to an increased work function of the plasma-treated electrode.
申请日：2013-03-14
申请人：WEST VIRGINIA UNIVERSITY
218、CAPACITOR AND BATTERY COMBINATION
摘要：This disclosure provides systems,  methods and apparatus for a combined battery/capacitor energy storage device. The device includes a first device terminal,  a second device terminal,  a battery connected between the first terminal and the second terminal,  and a capacitor connected in parallel with the battery. In one aspect,  a rectifier is connected between the first terminal and the capacitor,  the rectifier configured to allow substantially unidirectional current flow from the first terminal to the capacitor,  in another aspect,  a switch is between the capacitor and the first terminal,  in another aspect,  a current limiter extends between the first terminal and the capacitor. In another aspect,  the device includes a housing that includes an integrated battery housing portion and a capacitor housing portion,  in another aspect,  a bus bar system electrically connects the battery,  the capacitor,  and the terminals.
申请日：2013-03-12
申请人：MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC
219、SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR FABRICATION OF SUPERCONDUCTING INTEGRATED CIRCUITS
摘要：Various techniques and apparatus permit fabrication of superconductive circuits. A niobium/aluminum oxide/niobium trilayer may be formed and individual Josephson Junctions (JJs) formed. A protective cap may protect a JJ during fabrication. A hybrid dielectric may be formed. A superconductive integrated circuit may be formed using a subtractive patterning and/or additive patterning. A superconducting metal layer may be deposited by electroplating and/or polished by chemical-mechanical planarization. The thickness of an inner layer dielectric may be controlled by a deposition process. A substrate may include a base of silicon and top layer including aluminum oxide. Depositing of superconducting metal layer may be stopped or paused to allow cooling before completion. Multiple layers may be aligned by patterning an alignment marker in a superconducting metal layer.
申请日：2013-03-07
申请人：D WAVE SYSTEMS INC
220、Method and Apparatus of Enhancing Performance of Downlink Multi-User Multiple-Input-Multiple-Output Transmissions in Wireless Communication System
摘要：A method of enhancing performance of downlink multi-user multiple-input-multiple-output transmissions in a wireless communication system comprising a communication device and a network is disclosed. The method comprises generating a feedback report comprising a correlation-based validity threshold (CVT);  and transmitting the feedback report from the communication device to the network.
申请日：2013-01-23
申请人：Industrial Technology Research Institute
221、ANTICANCER DERIVATIVES,  PREPARATION THEREOF AND THERAPEUTIC USE THEREOF
摘要：The present invention relates to conjugales of pyrrolo[1, 4]benzodiazepine (PBD) dimers,  to compositions containing them and to their therapeutic use,  especially as anticancer agents. The invention also relates to the process for preparing the conjugates and to their use as anticancer agents,  and also to the dimers themselves. Formula (I) in which :  represents a single bond or a double bond.
申请日：2013-01-18
申请人：SANOFI
222、RECHARGEABLE MAGNESIUM ION CELL COMPONENTS AND ASSEMBLY
摘要：A magnesium battery electrode assembly is described,  including a current collector comprising a metal,  an overlayer material on the metal and an electrode layer comprising an electrode active material disposed on the current collector. The overlayer material passivates the metal,  or inhibits a corrosion reaction that would occur between the metal and an electrolyte in the absence of the overlayer material.
申请日：2012-12-21
申请人：PELLION TECHNOLOGIES INC; DOE Robert Ellis; PERSSON Kristin A; EAGLESHAM David; GMITTER Andrew
223、PEEL PLY,  METHOD OF SURFACE PREPARATION AND BONDING COMPOSITE STRUCTURES USING THE SAME
摘要：A resin-rich peel ply (11) that does not leave behind residual fibers after peeling and can work well with different resin-based composite substrates (10) The resin-rich peel ply (11) is composed of a woven fabric (lib) impregnated with a resin matrix (11a) different from the resin matrix of the composite substrate (10). The peel ply (11) is designed such that,  upon manual removal of the peel ply (11) from the composite substrate' s (10) surface,  a thin film of the peel ply resin remains on the composite substrate' s surface to create a bondable surface capable of bonding with another composite substrate (12),  but no fibrous material from the woven fabric remains on the same surface.
申请日：2012-11-16
申请人：CYTEC TECHNOLOGY CORP
224、DRY ETCH PROCESSES
摘要：Provided methods of etching and/or patterning films. Certain methods comprise exposing at least part of a film on a substrate,  the film comprising one or more of HfO2,  HfBxOy,  ZrO2,  ZrBxOy,  to a plasma comprising BCl3 and argon to etch away said at least part of the film. Certain other methods relate to patterning substrates using said methods of etching films.
申请日：2012-10-23
申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; XUE Jun; LIU Jie; CHEN Yongmei; MICHAELSON Timothy; DEATON Paul; WEIDMAN Timothy W; NGAI Christopher S
225、METHOD FOR ETCHING EUV REFLECTIVE MULTI-MATERIAL LAYERS UTILIZED TO FORM A PHOTOMASK
摘要：A method and apparatus for etching photomasks are provided herein. In one embodiment,  a forming gas use utilized to remove a mask layer utilized film stack having a multi-material layer having at least two different materials. In another embodiment,  a method of etching a multi-material layer disposed on a photomask includes providing a film stack in an etching chamber,  the film stack having a multi-material layer having at least two different materials disposed therein partially exposed through a patterned layer,  providing a gas mixture including at least one fluorine containing gas and an oxygen containing gas in to a processing chamber,  supplying a RF power in the gas mixture to form a plasma,  and etching the multi-material layer through the patterned layer.
申请日：2012-10-05
申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; YU Keven Kaisheng; GRIMBERGEN Michael; CHANDRACHOOD Madhavi; SABHARWAL Amitabh; KUMAR Ajay
226、Method for fast wavelet transform of a signal
摘要：Method for determining at least one wavelet coefficient Ws(τ) of a wavelet transform of a signal in which the mother wavelet of the transform has a support subdivided into J≧1 intervals bound by (J+1) extremity points,  and is defined by a polynomial of a maximum level N≧1 on each interval. The method includes calculating all or some of the primitives of the signal of order k between 2 and N+1,  at least at (J+1) points corresponding to extremity points of the intervals of the wavelet support dilated by a factor of s and translated by a time τ;  calculating the convolution of said or each primitive sampled in this way with a respective succession of (J+1) coefficients Cik(s),  dependent upon said wavelet;  and determining the wavelet coefficient by calculating a linear combination of convolutions. Steps a) to c) are implemented by a processor configured or programmed in an appropriate manner.
申请日：2012-09-26
申请人：Commissariat A L' Energie Atomique et aux Energies Alternatives
227、State-of-charge estimation method,  state-of-charge estimation device,  and secondary-battery power system
摘要：There is provided a state-of-charge estimation method,  a state-of-charge estimation device,  and a secondary-battery power system that may quickly and stably determine the convergence value of an adjustment parameter of a voltage characteristic formula that may approximate change over time of an open-circuit voltage of a secondary battery with high precision by appropriately setting the initial value of the adjustment parameter. At step S14,  a selected voltage measurement values V1,  VMbi ((i=1 to (n?1)),  and VMm are used to calculate an initial value A0i (i=1 to n) of an adjustment parameter Ai (i=1 to n). In addition,  at step S15,  an integer string bi (i=1 to (n?1)) and a real number C are used to calculate an initial value B01 (i=1 to n) of an adjustment parameter Bi (i=1 to n).
申请日：2012-09-14
申请人：Furukawa Electric Co Ltd; Furukawa Automotive Systems Inc
228、BRANCHED DISCRETTE PEG CONSTRUCTS
摘要：Disclosed are general and "substantially pure" branched discrete polyethylene glycol constructs useful in attaching to a variety of biologically active groups,  for example,  preferential locators,  as well as biologies like enzymes,  for use in diagnostics,  e.g. imaging,  therapeutics,  theranostics,  and moieties specific for other applications. In its simplest intermediate state,  a branched branched discrete polyethylene glycol construct is terminated at one end by a chemically reactive moiety,  "A",  a group that is reactive with a biologic material that creates "A",  which is a biologically reactive group,  connected through ~~~~~~ to a branched core (BC) which has attached at least two dPEG-containing chains,  indicated by the solid line,  ——,  having terminal groups,  which can be charged,  non-reactive or reactable moieties and containing between about 2 and 64 d PEG residues.
申请日：2012-08-30
申请人：QUANTA BIODESIGN LTD; University of Washington; DAVIS Paul D; WILBUR D Scott
229、一种实现显示模块节能和精细控制的方法和装置
摘要：本发明提供了一种实现显示模块节能和精细控制的方法和装置，其中，该方法包括：在当今各种显示技术的设备中，提供对显示单元灵活而且细粒度很高的智能控制，对显示模块的任意指定区域设置指定的亮度值，以及显示该亮度的时间。本发明解决了对显示模块各区域进行亮度智能控制的问题，从而有效地避免了显示模块对能量的过多消耗，节省了整个设备的耗电量，延长了设备在无外置输入电源情况下的待机时间，还可以提高显示模块的使用寿命。
申请日：2012-08-28
申请人：刘彬
230、LED CHIP AND METHOD FOR MANUFACTURING THE SAME
摘要：An LED chip and a method for manufacturing the same are provided. The method comprises steps of :  a) providing an epitaxial wafer including a substrate,  and a buffer layer,  an n-type semiconductor layer,  a light-emitting layer and a p-type semiconductor layer formed on the substrate sequentially;  b) forming a conductive layer on the epitaxial wafer,  and etching the conductive layer to form a plurality of first grooves in the conductive layer;  c) providing a mold having a plurality of protrusions corresponding to the plurality of first grooves,  and forming a phosphor layer on a surface of the mold having the plurality of protrusions;  d) pressing the mold on the conductive layer vertically,  so as to insert the plurality of protrusions into the corresponding first grooves;  and e) performing a heat treatment,  and removing the mold.
申请日：2012-08-22
申请人：SHENZHEN BYD AUTO R D COMPANY LIMITED; BYD COMPANY LIMITED; ZHANG Ge
231、LONG-TERM IMPLANTABLE SILICON CARBIDE NEURAL INTERFACE DEVICE USING THE ELECTRICAL FIELD EFFECT
摘要：Field effect devices,  such as capacitors and field effect transistors,  are used to interact with neurons. Cubic silicon carbide is biocompatible with the neuronal environment and has the chemical and physical resilience required to withstand the body environment and does not produce toxic byproducts. It is used as a basis for generating a biocompatible semiconductor field effect device that interacts with the brain for long periods of time. The device signals capacitively and receives signals using field effect transistors. These signals can be used to drive very complicated systems such as multiple degree of freedom limb prosthetics,  sensory replacements,  and may additionally assist in therapies for diseases like Parkinson' s disease.
申请日：2012-07-16
申请人：UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA; FREWIN Christopher Leroy; SADDOW Stephen E
232、Treatment of excessive menstrual bleeding associated with uterine fibroids
摘要：The present invention relates generally to benign gynecological diseases and in particular to a method and compositions for reducing heavy menstruation associated with said gynecological diseases following treatment with vascular occlusion methods or thermal related treatment methods.
申请日：2012-07-12
申请人：PREGLEM SA; LOUMAYE Ernest; BESTEL Elke; OSTERLOH Ian
233、MULTILAYERED POLYOLEFIN-BASED FILMS HAVING INTEGRATED BACKSHEET AND ENCAPSULATION PERFORMANCE COMPRISING A LAYER COMPRISING CRYSTALLINE BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE OR BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE
摘要：A multilayer film structure comprising a top encapsulation layer A,  a tie Layer B between top Layer A and bottom Layer C and a bottom layer C,  the multilayer film structure characterized in that tie Layer B comprises a crystalline block composite resin or a block composite resin and bottom Layer C comprises a polyolefin having at least one melting point greater than 125° C.
申请日：2012-06-28
申请人：DOW GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC
234、MULTILAYERED POLYOLEFIN-BASED FILMS HAVING A LAYER COMPRISING A CRYSTALLINE BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE OR A BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE RESIN
摘要：Disclosed are multilayer film structures comprising a layer (B) that comprises a crystalline block copolymer composite (CBC) or a specified block copolymer composite (BC),  comprising i) an ethylene polymer (EP) comprising at least 80 mol % polymerized ethylene;  ii) an alpha-olefin- based crystalline polymer (CAOP) and iii) a block copolymer comprising (a) an ethylene polymer block comprising at least 80 mol % polymerized ethylene and (b) a crystalline alpha-olefin block (CAOB);  and a layer C that comprises a polyolefin having at least one melting peak greater than 1255C,  the top facial surface of layer C in adhering contact with the bottom facial surface of layer B. Such multilayer film structure preferably comprises (A) a seal layer A having a bottom facial surface in adhering contact with the top facial surface of layer B. Such films are suited for use in electronic device (ED) modules comprising an electronic device such as a PV cell. Also disclosed is a lamination process to construct a laminated PV module comprising such multilayer film structures.
申请日：2012-06-28
申请人：DOW GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC; BONEKAMP Jeffrey E; HU Yushan; NICKEL Nichole E; CHU Lih long; NAUMOVITZ John A; HOFIUS Mark G
235、MULTILAYERED POLYOLEFIN-BASED FILMS HAVING INTEGRATED BACKSHEET AND ENCAPSULATION PERFORMANCE COMPRISING A LAYER COMPRISING CRYSTALLINE BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE OR BLOCK COPOLYMER COMPOSITE
摘要：A multilayer film structure comprising a top encapsulation layer A,  a tie Layer B between top Layer A and bottom Layer C and a bottom layer C,  the multilayer film structure characterized in that tie Layer B comprises a crystalline block composite resin or a block composite resin and bottom Layer C comprises a polyolefin having at least one melting point greater than 125°C.
申请日：2012-06-28
申请人：DOW GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC; BONEKAMP Jeffrey E; HU Yushan; NICKEL Nichole E; CHU Lih long; NAUMOVITZ John A; HOFIUS Mark G
236、The system which supports a authentication process of a user who using a non-facing service
摘要：PURPOSE :  A supporting system for a person authentication process of a user who uses a non-facing service is provided to perform authentication using a basic authentication module and an in-depth person authentication module.CONSTITUTION :  A BCI(base clue information) acquisition module(105) acquires BCI. A basic authentication module(106) performs basic person authentication through communications with the BCI acquisition module. A person authentication medium processing module(107) transmits a person authentication medium to an NFS(non-facing service) user mobile communication device. A person authentication reply message acquisition module(108) acquires a person authentication reply message corresponding to the person authentication medium. An in-depth person authentication module(109) authenticates the matching of the person authentication reply message and the person authentication medium. A person authentication success message processing module(110) transmits a person authentication success message to an NFS providing system.[Reference numerals] (1) NFS supply system;  (10) Wired/wireless on-line network;  (101) Person authentication support and control module;  (102) Interface module;  (103) Operating information string module;  (104) Person authentication credit information storing module;  (105) BCI acquisition module;  (106) Basic person authentication processing module;  (107) Authentication medium processing module;  (108) Person authentication reply message;  (109) In-depth person authentication module;  (110) Person authentication success message processing module;  (111) Person authentication failure message processing module;  (2) NFS user information processing deivce;  (3) NFS user information mobile communication deviceCOPYRIGHT KIPO 2013
申请日：2012-06-27
申请人：NICE INFORMATION SERVICE CO LTD
237、half-field SSVEP based BCI System and motion method Thereof
摘要：Disclosed are a BCI based SSVEP system and a method for operating the same. The BCI based SSVEP system comprises an EEG detection electrode unit which is attached to an occipital lobe of a user to measure a brainwave signal;  a target staring unit in which a plurality of eyeline staring targets consisting of texts and numbers are arranged and which includes a plurality of visual stimulators that are arranged between two of the eyeline staring targets and are lighted on/off by different frequencies;  and a processing unit which classifies and processes the brainwave signal outputted from the EEG detection electrode unit when the user stares each of the targets included in the target staring unit. [Reference numerals] (121) Signal processing unit; (122) Database; (AA) Head of a human
申请日：2012-06-18
申请人：SNU R DB FOUNDATION
238、· · Neural network and a method for filtering system
摘要：Systems and methods are disclosed for filtering data in a neural network environment to filter out inappropriate content. In some embodiments,  a data signal including a sensible representation is received. The sensible representation included in the data signal is produced in a sensible format. From the sensible representation in the sensible format,  a clean copy of the sensible representation can be generated such that any inappropriate content present within the received data signal is not reproduced in the clean copy. Optionally,  additional filtering can occur before and/or after the generating of the clean copy. The (filtered) clean copy of the sensible representation is sent to a network. Embodiments can permit the filtering of input to and/or output from a network.
申请日：2012-06-14
申请人：Elliot D Cohen
239、SUBSTRATE ETCHING METHOD AND SUBSTRATE PROCESSING DEVICE
摘要：Method and substrate processing device in etching of a substrate,  the method etching of a substrate,  a substrate into the reaction chamber during predetermined processing in step (S1);  the steps of supplying said etching gas in a reaction chamber (S2);  said steps of generating a plasma in a reaction chamber by turning on exciting power (S3);  applying said bias supply turning on to substrate bias (S4);  said bias to turn off power and,  simultaneously deposited in the gas to be supplied to said reaction chamber is monitored (S5);  said reaction chamber and said supply of deposition gases,  simultaneously turning on the bias power (S6);  said etching process until complete,  repeating step (S7) S5 provided S6;  without using a tool. In the entire etching process,  etching job is always performed,  the ground floor and the processing advances. The plasma reaction chamber during ground operation deposited on a sidewall of an etching section formed by etching can be at least a portion of the polymer deposited on the sidewalls,  the sidewalls of the etching section causes smooth.
申请日：2012-06-04
申请人：베이징 엔엠씨 씨오 엘티디
240、CROSS-MODAL APPLICATION OF COMBINATION SIGNATURES INDICATIVE OF A PHENOTYPE
摘要：The present invention relates to a method of adapting a composite signature of a phenotype. The method comprises the steps of providing for a composite signature of a phenotype with at least two different data types,  which were respectively generated by two different modalities of measuring a specimen. Due to an adaption of one part of the signature of the phenotype the resulting adapted phenotype signature can be used as an input for a signature evaluation tool that was derived from data measured by a third modality of measurement.
申请日：2012-05-22
申请人：KONINKLIJKE PHILIPS ELECTRONICS N V; JANEVSKI Angel; KAMALAKARAN Sitharthan; BANERJEE Nilanjana; VARADAN Vinay; DIMITROVA Nevenka; SURYANARAYANAN Sankararaman
241、HIGH PRESSURE BEVEL ETCH PROCESS
摘要：A method of bevel edge processing a semiconductor in a bevel plasma processing chamber in which the semiconductor substrate is supported on a semiconductor substrate support is provided. The method comprises evacuating the bevel etcher to a pressure of 3 to 100 Torr and maintaining RF voltage under a threshold value;  flowing a process gas into the bevel plasma processing chamber;  energizing the process gas into a plasma at a periphery of the semiconductor substrate;  and bevel processing the semiconductor substrate with the plasma.
申请日：2012-05-08
申请人：LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION; FANG Tong; KIM Yunsang S; FISCHER Andreas
242、THERAPY FOR LEUKEMIA
摘要：A pharmaceutically acceptable composition and method for leukemia therapy in a patient in need of such therapy. The composition contains,  as the only active agents,  the combination of (a) an inhibitor of c-Fos,  (b) an inhibitor of Dusp-1,  and (c) an inhibitor of BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase. The composition is administered to the patient in a dosing regimen for a period sufficient to provide therapy for leukemia.
申请日：2012-04-20
申请人：CHILDREN' S HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER; AZAM Mohammad; KESARWANI Meenu
243、MANUFACTORING PROCESS Of a PHOTOVOLTAIC CELL HAS CONTACTS INTERDIGITES OPPOSITE BACK
摘要：A method for producing a photovoltaic cell with interdigitated contacts in the rear face,  comprising :  providing a doped silicon substrate;  forming,  on the rear face of said substrate,  a doped semiconductor layer with a first dopant species;  forming,  on said layer,  a dopant layer comprising a second dopant species,  of an electric type opposite to that of the first species;  forming,  in the doped layer,  at least one doped region of a type opposite to that of the first species,  by irradiation of at least one region of the dopant layer with a luminous flux of fluence greater than a threshold above which the dopants of the irradiated region of the dopant layer diffuse into the region underlying the doped layer in such a way as to exceed the concentration of the first dopant species;  and forming,  in the doped layer,  at least one electrically insulating region,  by selective irradiation of at least one region of the dopant layer with a luminous flux of which the fluence is in a range lower than said threshold,  at which the dopants of the irradiated region of the dopant layer diffuse into the region underlying the doped semiconductor layer in such a way as to balance the concentrations of the two dopant species in said region.
申请日：2012-04-03
申请人：COMMISSARIAT ENERGIE ATOMIQUE
244、METHOD FOR DEPOSITING ONE OR MORE POLYCRYSTALLINE SILICON LAYERS ON SUBSTRATE
摘要：The invention relates to a method for depositing one or more polycrystalline silicon layers (230c) on a substrate (210) by a chemical vapour deposition in a reactor,  which method comprises adjusting a deposition temperature between 605 °C-800 °C in a process chamber of the reactor,  and depositing the one or more polycrystalline silicon layers on the substrate by using a silicon source gas comprising SiH4 or SiH2CI2,  and a dopant gas comprising BCI3.
申请日：2012-03-30
申请人：OKMETIC OYJ; AIRAKSINEN Veli Matti; MÄKINEN Jari
245、METHOD FOR PATTERNING A FULL METAL GATE STRUCTURE
摘要：A method of patterning a gate structure (100,  100' ,  200) on a substrate (25,  105,  210) is described. The method includes preparing a metal gate structure (100,  100' ,  200) on a substrate (25,  105,  210),  wherein the metal gate structure (100,  100' ,  200) includes a high dielectric constant (high-k) layer (230),  a first gate layer (120,  240) formed on the high-k layer (230),  and a second gate layer (130,  250) formed on the first gate layer (120,  240),  and wherein the first gate layer (120,  240) comprises one or more metal-containing layers (240A,  240B). The method further includes preparing a mask layer (260,  270) with a pattern overlying the metal gate structure (100,  100' ,  200),  transferring the pattern to the second gate layer (130,  250),  transferring the pattern to the first gate layer (120,  240),  and transferring the pattern in the first gate layer (120,  240) to the high-k layer (230),  and prior to the transferring of the pattern to the high-k layer (230),  passivating an exposed surface (245) of the first gate layer (120,  240) using a nitrogen-containing and/or carbon-containing environment to reduce under-cutting (140,  140' ) of the first gate layer (120,  240) relative to the second gate layer (130,  250),  wherein the passivating is performed separately from or in addition to the transferring of the pattern to the first gate layer (120,  240).
申请日：2012-03-13
申请人：TOKYO ELECTRON LIMITED; TOKYO ELECTRON AMERICA INC; LUONG Vihn Hoang; KO Akiteru
246、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR EVALUATING AN ELECTROPHYSIOLOGICAL SIGNAL
摘要：A method of evaluating an electrophysiological signal is disclosed. A model-derived reconstruction over at least one cycle of the electrophysiological signal is used to identify a pathological event. A non-transitory computer readable medium is also disclosed. The non- transitory computer readable medium has stored thereon instructions for identifying a pathological event from a model-derived reconstruction of an electrophysiological signal,  which,  when executed by a processor,  causes the processor to perform steps comprising using a model- derived reconstruction over at least one cycle of the electrophysiological signal to identify a pathological event. A system for evaluating an electrophysiological signal includes a processor configured to identify a pathological event from a model-derived reconstruction of the electrophysiological signal. The system also includes a data input coupled to the processor and configured to provide the processor with the electrophysiological signal. The system further includes a user interface coupled to either the processor or the data input.
申请日：2012-02-06
申请人：PHASE SPACE SYSTEMS CORPORATION; KORENBERG Michael; BOSTON Umar Sekou toure; GUPTA Sunny
247、HEARING AID ADAPTED FOR DETECTING BRAIN WAVES AND A METHOD FOR ADAPTING SUCH A HEARING AID
摘要：A hearing aid comprises an amplifier (303,  309,  317),  an input transducer (301),  an output transducer (824) and a signal processing device (825). The amplifier (303,  309,  317) and the signal processing device (825) are connected. The hearing aid further comprises at least two electrodes (201-205) adapted for detecting electrical signals such as brain waves,  the at least two electrodes (201-205) being connected to a differential amplifier (303,  309,  317),  which in turn is connected to the signal processing device,  and means for modifying the operation of said hearing aid in dependence of the detected signals. The invention further provides a method for adaptation of a hearing aid.
申请日：2012-01-12
申请人：Widex A/S
248、POST-TREATMENT BREAST CANCER PROGNOSIS
摘要：The disclosure includes the identification and use of gene expression profiles,  or patterns,  with clinical relevance to extended treatment and cancer-free survival in a patient. In particular,  the disclosure includes the identities of genes that are expressed in correlation with benefit in a switch in endocrine therapy used to treat a patient. The levels of gene expression are disclosed as a molecular index for predicting clinical outcome,  and so prognosis,  for the patient. The disclosure further includes methods for predicting cancer recurrence,  and/or predicting occurrence of metastatic cancer,  after initial treatment with an anti-estrogen agent. The disclosure further includes methods for determining or selecting the treatment of a subject based upon the likelihood of life expectancy,  cancer recurrence,  and/or cancer metastasis.
申请日：2011-12-09
申请人：BIOTHERANOSTICS INC; GENERAL HOSPITAL CORPORATION; SGROI Dennis; ERLANDER Mark G; ZHANG Yi; SCHNABEL Catherine A
249、System for preventing dementia using BCI and the method thereof
摘要：PURPOSE :  A dementia preventing system using BCI is provided to demand the concentration of a game player by utilizing a simple mini game to prevent geriatric diseases such as dementia,  thereby obtaining an effect of medical treatment.CONSTITUTION :  A dementia preventing system using BCI comprises :  a camera module(50) producing and transmitting image data;  a body information extracting module(100) extracting body information among the image data from the camera module;  a BIC module(300) generating beta waves;  and a game module(200) displaying a game using the body information by adjusting the speed according to the beta wave. A method of preventing dementia,  using the BCI comprises the following steps :  producing and transmitting image data through the camera module;  extracting body information among the image data through the body information extracting module;  and generating beta waves through the BCI module.[Reference numerals] (100) Body information extracting module;  (200) Game module;  (300) BIC module;  (50) Camera moduleCOPYRIGHT KIPO 2013
申请日：2011-12-08
申请人：GACHON UNIVERSITY OF INDUSTRY ACADEMIC COOPERATION FOUNDATION
250、LI-BASED ANODE WITH IONIC LIQUID POLYMER GEL
摘要：A Li-based anode for use in an electric current producing cell comprising at least one anode active Li-containing compound and (A) a composition located between the at least one Li-containing compound and the catholyte (c) used in the electric current producing cell,  containing (B1) at least one ionic liquid,  (B2) at least one polymer compatible with the at least one ionic liquid (B1),  and (B3) optionally at least one lithium salt.
申请日：2011-09-30
申请人：BASF SE; SION POWER CORPORATION; SCHMIDT Rüdiger; BADINE Daher Michael; MÖHWALD Helmut; KOVALEV Igor; MIKHAYLIK Yuriy V
251、ADDITIVE FOR ELECTROLYTES
摘要：The invention relates to an electric current producing cell comprising (a) a cathode,  (b) a Li-based anode,  and (c) at least one electrolyte interposed between said cathode and said anode wherein the at least one electrolyte (c) contains at least one spiro ammonium salt and to the use of spiro ammonium salts as additive for electrolytes in electric current producing cells.
申请日：2011-09-30
申请人：BASF SE; SION POWER CORPORATION; SCHMIDT Rüdiger; BADINE Michael; STEIMLE Xiao; MÖHWALD Helmut; KOVALEV Igor; MIKHAYLIK Yuriy V
252、A COGNITIVE COMPUTING SYSTEM
摘要：Cognitive computing entails the endowment of various cognitive functions in computers. This system may be built using prevalent binary logic based processing devices,  or they may be optimally deployed using novel ternary computing devices.
申请日：2011-09-08
申请人：MR DHIRAJ CHOUDHURY
253、PORTABLE DEVICE AND PROCESS FOR VISUAL STIMULATION,  ON THE BASIS OF EMITTING DIODE OF LIGHT
摘要：Portable device and process for visual stimulation,  on the basis of Emitting Diode of Light. The treated substance mentions a device to it and to a process for the visual stimulation,  that has as functions to carry through the visual stimulation for the eletroencefalografia examination (PEV),  eletrooculografia and/or eletrorretinografia,  amongst other applications. For these examinations,  modules of emitting diodes of light are used in accordance with (of the English,  Light Emittíng Diode or LED) located the desired application. Had to the low consumption of the device,  it can be fed by stacks or batteries. Moreover,  the device is portable and possesss an independent functioning
申请日：2011-08-31
申请人：Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais
254、MULTI-ROOT INPUT OUTPUT VIRTUALIZATION AWARE SWITCH
摘要：A system having a multi protocol multi-root aware (MP-MRA) switch (102) configured to route data between multiple host processors (104) and multiple I/O devices (106) is described herein. In said embodiment,  the MP-MRIOV aware switch includes a switch routing module (108),  at least one upstream adaptive module (110),  and at least one downstream adaptive module (112). The upstream adaptive module (110) is configured to map information in a primary communication protocol to a intermediate communication protocol at which the switch routing module operates. Further,  the downstream adaptive module (112) maps the intermediate communication protocol to a secondary communication protocol at which the I/O device (106) operates.
申请日：2011-08-19
申请人：Balaji Kanigicherla; Dhanumjai Pasumarthy; Shabbir Haider; Tapan Vaidya; Paulraj Kanakaraj; Naga Murali Medeme
255、MULTI-ROOT INPUT OUTPUT VIRTUALIZATION AWARE SWITCH
摘要：A system having a multi protocol multi-root aware (MP-MRA) switch (102) configured to route data between multiple host processors (104) and multiple I/O devices (106) is described herein. In said embodiment,  the MP-MRIOV aware switch includes a switch routing module (108),  at least one upstream adaptive module (110),  and at least one downstream adaptive module (112). The upstream adaptive module (110) is configured to map information in a primary communication protocol to a intermediate communication protocol at which the switch routing module operates. Further,  the downstream adaptive module (112) maps the intermediate communication protocol to a secondary communication protocol at which the I/O device (106) operates.
申请日：2011-08-19
申请人：INEDA SYSTEMS PVT LTD; KANIGICHERLA Balaji; PASUMARTHY Dhanumjai; HAIDER Shabbir; VAIDYA Tapan; KANAKARAJ Paulraj; MEDEME Naga Murali
256、基于FPGA的锋电位信号并行检测装置和方法
摘要：本发明公开了一种基于FPGA的锋电位信号并行检测装置和方法。该装置由若干个并行的模块构成，每个模块包括：信号接收器、信号分解/重构器、系数缓存器、系数处理器、信号检测器和信号输出器。该方法包括：接收待检测信号序列，并对其进行分解，得到分解后的系数序列；对分解后的系数序列进行处理，根据处理后的系数序列进行信号序列重构，从重构后信号序列中检测得到锋电位信号并输出。本发明通过实现信号分解/重构的流水处理的操作方式提高了信号处理速度，通过基于FPGA的单通道锋电位检测装置的模块化设计实现多通道的并行检测，提高了系统的处理效率。
申请日：2011-08-11
申请人：浙江大学
257、ANTICANCER DERIVATIVES,  PREPARATION THEREOF AND THERAPEUTIC USE THEREOF
摘要：The present invention relates to conjugales of pyrrolo[1, 4]benzodiazepine (PBD) dimers,  to compositions containing them and to their therapeutic use,  especially as anticancer agents. The invention also relates to the process for preparing the conjugates and to their use as anticancer agents,  and also to the dimers themselves. Formula (I) in which  :  represents a single bond or a double bond.
申请日：2011-07-25
申请人：SANOFI; COMMERÇON Alain; GAUZY LAZO Laurence; HUBERT Philippe
258、Neural network data filtering and monitoring systems and methods
摘要：Systems and methods are disclosed for filtering data in a neural network environment to filter out inappropriate content. In some embodiments,  a data signal including a sensible representation is received. The sensible representation included in the data signal is produced in a sensible format. From the sensible representation in the sensible format,  a clean copy of the sensible representation can be generated such that any inappropriate content present within the received data signal is not reproduced in the clean copy. Optionally,  additional filtering can occur before and/or after the generating of the clean copy. The (filtered) clean copy of the sensible representation is sent to a network. Embodiments can permit the filtering of input to and/or output from a network.
申请日：2011-06-17
申请人：Elliot D Cohen
259、ANTIBACTERIAL MEDICAL PRODUCT AND ITS MANUFACTURING METHOD
摘要：FIELD :  medicine.SUBSTANCE :  series of inventions relates to medicine. Medical product is described with antibacterial biocide coating of solid material applied to a base. This coating from solid material includes at least one inner layer and one external layer,  wherein concentration of biocide in outer layer is essentially constant and more,  than biocide concentration in inner layer,  and biocide concentration in inner layer is greater than or equal to 0.2 atm%.EFFECT :  coating has improved adhesion to substrate.9 cl,  6 dwg,  1 ex
申请日：2011-05-16
申请人：ERLIKON SERFIZ SOLJUSHNZ AG PFEFFIKON
260、Antibacterial medical product and method for producing same
摘要：The present invention relates to a medical product,  comprising an antibacterial hard material coating,  which is applied to a main body and which comprises biocide. Said hard material coating includes at least one inner layer and one outer layer,  wherein the biocide concentration in the outer layer is substantially constant and greater than the biocide concentration in the inner layer and the biocide concentration in the inner layer is greater than or equal to 0.2 at %.
申请日：2011-05-16
申请人：OERLIKON SURFACE SOLUTIONS AG PFÄFFIKON
261、Base plate for fixing foot of interior electric rear view mirror on inner face of windscreen of car,  has front portion with housing that receives pellets of electrically conductive adhesive,  which assist coupling of terminals with strips
摘要：A base plate (EFF) is intended to allow the fixing of a foot (pi) of an interior rear view mirror (IH),  including/understanding an electrical circuit connected on at least two terminals (BC1-BC2),  on a windshield (PB) of vehicle equipped with at least two tracks (PC1-PC2) conducting intended to be coupled to these terminals (BC1-BC2). This base plate (EFF) is carried out in a nonconducting material electrically and includes/understands,  on the one hand,  a back part (PR) provided with crossing holes (T1-T2) of number equal to the number of terminals (BC1-BC2) and intended to be placed respectively compared to zones of foot (pi) which give access terminals (BC1-BC2),  and,  on the other hand,  a part before (statement) provided with at least a housing (L) communicating with the crossing holes (T1-T2) and clean electrically to receive pellets (BO1-BO2) of a conducting adhesive,  of which the number is equal to the number of terminals (BC1-BC2) and intended for to contact tracks (PC1-PC2) and to take part in the electric coupling of terminals (BC1-BC2) to tracks (PC1-PC2).
申请日：2011-04-04
申请人：PEUGEOT CITROEN AUTOMOBILES SA
262、用于运动康复的方法和系统
摘要：本发明提供了一种对运动想象检测模块进行校准的方法和用于运动康复的系统。该方法包括：从对象获取脑电图(EEG)数据；从EEG数据中选择分类特征；其中，特征选择包括通过M个子类xj，j=1，…，M对对象的空闲状态ωn进行建模。
申请日：2011-03-31
申请人：新加坡科技研究局; 陈笃生医院有限公司
263、A METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR MOTOR REHABILITATION
摘要：A method of calibrating a motor imagery detection module and a system for motor rehabilitation are provided. The method comprises acquiring Electroencephalography (EEG) data from a subject;  selecting classification features from the EEG data;  wherein the feature selection comprises modelling an idle state ωn of the subject by M sub-classes χj,  j=1,  . . . ,  M.
申请日：2011-03-31
申请人：Agency for Science Technology and Research; National Healthcare Group Pte Ltd
264、PERFORMANCE SYSTEM AND COMPUTER PROGRAM
摘要：PROBLEM TO BE SOLVED :  To provide a performance system that allows easier visual comprehension and easier operation even for those less skilled in playing musical instruments.SOLUTION :  A performance system includes mode selection means 110,  120,  130-1 through 130-N for selecting a performance mode,  and input means including :  abstract musical tone input means 150-1 through 150-Q for inputting an input musical tone being one unit or a sequence of abstract musical tones;  abstract chord input means 180-1 through 180-R for inputting an input chord being one unit or a sequence of abstract chords;  performance signal input means 160 for inputting the input musical tone or input chord through receiving a performance signal from an external device. Further,  the performance system includes performance control means that converts the inputted input musical tone and input chord,  in accordance with a corresponding function previously set to the performance mode,  to an output musical tone being at least one unit or a sequence of concrete musical tones to be audio-outputted to outside so as to generate and output a performance signal indicating the converted output musical tone.COPYRIGHT :  (C)2013, JPO&INPIT
申请日：2011-03-31
申请人：KANEKO MASAKATA ECKHERT
265、METHOD OF FEEDING BACK MU-CQI IN A COMMUNICATION SYSTEM,  TRANSMISSION POINT DEVICE,  AND USER EQUIPMENT
摘要：There are provided a method,  user equipment,  and transmission point device for feeding back channel quality indicator (MU-CQI) to the transmission point in a communication system including the transmission point and a plurality of user equipments,  the method comprising steps :  the transmission point sending a message to an intended user equipment of the plurality of user equipments;  and the intended user equipment calculating the MU-CQI based on the message,  and feeding back the MU-CQI to the transmission point. The present disclosure enables dynamic MU operation,  and improves link adaptation performance with marginal downlink overhead. And the accuracy is not limited by codebook size.
申请日：2011-03-31
申请人：PANASONIC CORP
266、METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR MOTOR REHABILITATION
摘要：A method of calibrating a motor imagery detection module and a system for motor rehabilitation are provided. The method comprises acquiring Electroencephalography (EEG) data from a subject;  selecting classification features from the EEG data;  wherein the feature selection comprises modelling an idle state ωn of the subject by M sub-classes χj,  j=1,  . . . ,  M.
申请日：2011-03-31
申请人：NATIONAL HEALTH CARE GROUP PTE LTD; AGENCY FOR SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH
267、A METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR MOTOR REHABILITATION
摘要：A method of calibrating a motor imagery detection module and a system for motor rehabilitation are provided. The method comprises acquiring Electroencephalography (EEG) data from a subject;  selecting classification features from the EEG data;  wherein the feature selection comprises modelling an idle state ωn of the subject by M sub-classes ϰj,  j = 1, ..., M.
申请日：2011-03-31
申请人：AGENCY FOR SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH; NATIONAL HEALTHCARE GROUP PTE LTD; ANG Kai Keng; GUAN Cuntai; CHUA Sui Geok Karen; WANG Chuanchu; TAN Hock Guan Adrian; PHUA Kok Soon; ZHANG Haihong; CHIN Zheng Yang
268、METHOD OF FEEDING BACK MU-CQI IN A COMMUNICATION SYSTEM,  TRANSMISSION POINT DEVICE,  AND USER EQUIPMENT
摘要：There are provided a method,  user equipment,  and transmission point device for feeding back channel quality indicator (MU-CQI) to the transmission point in a communication system including the transmissin point and a plurality of user equipments,  the method comprising steps :  the transmission point sending a message to an intended user equipment of the plurality of user equipments;  and the intended user equipment calculating the MU-CQI based on the message,  and feeding back the MU-CQI to the transmission point. The present disclosure enables dynamic MU operation,  and improves link adaptation performance with marginal downlink overhead. And the accuracy is not limited by codebook size.
申请日：2011-03-31
申请人：PANASONIC CORPORATION; TONG Hui; XU Ming; HOSHINO Masayuki; IMAMURA Daichi
269、SURFACE CLEANING AND SELECTIVE DEPOSITION OF METAL-CONTAINING CAP LAYERS FOR SEMICONDUCTOR DEVICES
摘要：A method is provided for integrating metal-containing cap layers into copper (Cu) metallization of semiconductor devices. In one embodiment,  the method includes providing a planarized patterned substrate containing metal surfaces and dielectric layer surfaces with a residue formed thereon,  removing the residue from the planarized patterned substrate,  and depositing metal- containing cap layers selectively on the metal surfaces by exposing the dielectric layer surfaces and the metal surfaces to a deposition gas containing metal-containing precursor vapor. The removing includes treating the planarized patterned substrate containing the residue with a reactant gas containing a hydrophobic functional group,  and exposing the treated planarized patterned substrate to a reducing gas.
申请日：2011-03-26
申请人：TOKYO ELECTRON LIMITED; TOHNOE Kazuhito; CERIO Frank M
270、ATOMIC LAYER DEPOSITION OF SILICON AND SILICON-CONTAINING FILMS
摘要：A method is provided for depositing silicon and silicon-containing films by atomic layer deposition (ALD). The method includes disposing the substrate in a batch processing system configured for performing ALD of the silicon-containing film,  exposing the substrate to a non-saturating amount of a first precursor containing silicon,  and evacuating or purging the first precursor from the batch processing system. The method further includes exposing the substrate to a saturating amount of a second precursor containing silicon or a dopant,  where only one of the first and second precursors contain a halogen,  and a reaction of the first and second precursors on the substrate forms a silicon or silicon-containing film and a volatile hydrogen-halogen (HX) by-product,  evacuating or purging the second precursor and the HX by-product from the batch processing system,  and repeating the exposing and evacuation or purging steps until the silicon or silicon-containing film has a desired thickness.
申请日：2011-03-26
申请人：TOKYO ELECTRON LIMITED; JOE Raymond; GANDHI Meenakshisundaram
271、METHOD AND DEVICE FOR INTERFACE BRAIN-COMPUTER
摘要：Method and device for interface brain-computer the present invention provides an interface brain-computer as an alternative communication channel to be used in various applications,  such as the robotic. Upon completion of the invention in a,  there is provided a method for the analysis and conversion of EEG signals obtained from the brain in movement commands through electrical and/or mechanical. The process of the present invention provides substantial advantages over known in the art like/technique,  such as a rate of hit average of 91%,  obtained in attempts to control a movable robot. In another upon completion of the invention,  there is provided a apparatus comprising :  means for providing signals brain;  an electroencephalograph (the EEG);  and transducer means of said signals into functional commands useful in various applications. The said transducer means signals is the hub of the invention mentation,  and provides a number of technical advantages over similar techniques known in the art/identification of mental activities
申请日：2011-02-28
申请人：Faculdades Católicas Mantenedora da Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio de Janeiro-PUC RIO
272、PROCESS FOR PREPARING EFAVIRENZ
摘要：The invention disclosed a 4 step process for the preparation of Efavirenz,  starting from 1, 4-dichlorobenzene,  and its intermediates.
申请日：2010-12-16
申请人：LONZA LTD; LONZA GUANGZHOU RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CENTER LTD; DAI Danmei (Joanna); LONG Sea; KULESZ Anna; REICHWAGEN; LUO Bing; GUO Yanming
273、APPARATUS AND METHOD TO TRANSMIT/RECEIVE BROADCAST CONTROL INFORMATION IN A MOBILE COMMUNICATION SYSTEM
摘要：PURPOSE :  A broadcast control information transmitting/receiving method and an apparatus thereof in a mobile communication system are provided to perform set-H related operation by using the previously received set-H.CONSTITUTION :  An AMS(Advanced Mobile Station) inspects failure of L-BCI(Long-Broadcast Control Information) reception by using S-BCI(Short-Broadcast Control Information)(213). The AMS recognizes that an operation which is related to the set-H is not performed(215, 219). The AMS recognizes that the operation related to the set-H is performed(217).COPYRIGHT KIPO 2012
申请日：2010-11-08
申请人：SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS CO LTD
274、WIRELESS COMMUNICATION METHOD,  WIRELESS COMMUNICATION TERMINAL AND BASE STATION
摘要：A wireless communication method,  a terminal and a base station are provided. The method includes the step of transmitting a plurality of best companion pre-coding matrix indexs (BCIs) and corresponding delta channel quality indicators (ΔCQIs) from the terminal to the base station,  wherein the period of frames for transmitting the plurality of BCIs is larger than the period of frames for transmitting a single BCI. The method,  terminal and base station according to the present disclosure can greatly increase scheduling flexibility at base station side and improve MU-MIMO performance without increasing feedback overhead of channels.
申请日：2010-11-04
申请人：PANASONIC CORPORATION
275、WIRELESS COMMUNICATION METHOD,  WIRELESS COMMUNICATION TERMINAL AND BASE STATION
摘要：A wireless communication method,  a terminal and a base station are provided. The method includes the step of transmitting a plurality of best companion pre-coding matrix indexes (BCIs) and corresponding delta channel quality indicators (ΔCQIs) from the terminal to the base station,  wherein the cycle of frames for transmitting the plurality of BCIs is longer than the cycle of frames for transmitting a single BCI. The method,  terminal and base station according to the present disclosure can greatly increase scheduling flexibility at the base station side and improve MU-MIMO performance without increasing feedback overhead of channels.
申请日：2010-11-04
申请人：PANASONIC CORPORATION; TONG Hui; XU Ming; HOSHINO Masayuki; NAKAO Seigo; IMAMURA Daichi
276、PLASMA ION IMPLANTATION PROCESS FOR PATTERNED DISC MEDIA APPLICATIONS
摘要：Processes and apparatus of forming patterns including magnetic and non-magnetic domains on a magnetically susceptible surface on a substrate are provided. In one embodiment,  a method of forming a pattern of magnetic domains on a magnetically susceptible material disposed on a substrate includes exposing a first portion of a magnetically susceptible layer to a plasma formed from a gas mixture,  wherein the gas mixture includes at least a halogen containing gas and a hydrogen containing gas for a time sufficient to modify a magnetic property of the first portion of the magnetically susceptible layer exposed through a mask layer from a first state to a second state.
申请日：2010-11-03
申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; HILKENE Martin A; SCOTNEY CASTLE Matthew D; GOUK Roman; VERHAVERBEKE Steven
277、GAS DISTRIBUTION SHOWERHEAD AND METHOD OF CLEANING
摘要：During a deposition process,  material may deposit not only on the substrate,  but also on other chamber components. In a MOCVD chamber,  one of those components is the gas distribution showerhead. The showerhead may be cleaned by bombarding the showerhead with radicals generated by a plasma that includes an inert gas and chlorine. In order to generate the plasma,  the showerhead may be negatively biased or floating relative to the substrate support. The showerhead may comprise stainless steel and be coated with a ceramic coating.
申请日：2010-08-27
申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; HANAWA Hiroji; MAUNG Kyawwin Jason; CHUNG Hua
278、Method of manufacturing semiconductor device,  cleaning method,  and substrate processing apparatus
摘要：It is possible to efficiently remove deposited materials such as a conductive film or insulting film adhered to parts such as the inner wall of a processing chamber and a substrate supporting tool disposed in the processing chamber. There is provided a method of manufacturing a semiconductor device. The method comprises :  loading a substrate into a processing chamber;  forming a conductive film or an insulating film on the substrate by supplying a plurality of source gases into the processing chamber;  unloading the substrate from the processing chamber;  and modifying a conductive film or an insulating film adhered to the processing chamber by supplying a modifying gas into the processing chamber. After performing a cycle of the loading,  the forming,  the unloading,  and the modifying processes a plurality of times,  the modified conductive film or the modified insulating film adhered to the processing chamber is removed from the processing chamber by supplying a cleaning gas into the processing chamber.
申请日：2010-08-24
申请人：Hitachi Kokusai Electric Inc
279、MULTI-ROOT INPUT OUTPUT VIRTUALIZATION AWARE SWITCH
摘要：A system having a multi protocol multi-root aware (MP-MRA) switch (102) configured to route data between multiple host processors (104) and multiple I/O devices (106) is described herein. In said embodiment,  the MP-MRIOV aware switch includes a switch routing module (108),  at least one upstream adaptive module (110),  and at least one downstream adaptive module (112). The upstream adaptive module (110) is configured to map information in a primary communication protocol to a intermediate communication protocol at which the switch routing module operates. Further,  the downstream adaptive module (112) maps the intermediate communication protocol to a secondary communication protocol at which the I/O device (106) operates.
申请日：2010-08-19
申请人：INEDA SYSTEMS PVT LTD
280、STRUCTURE AND METHOD FOR ACHIEVING SELECTIVE ETCHING IN (Ga, A1, In, B)N LASER DIODES
摘要：A structure and method that can be used to achieve selective etching in (Ga, A1, In, B)N laser diodes,  comprising fabricating (Ga, A1, In, B)N laser diodes with one or more Al-containing etch stop layers.
申请日：2010-08-19
申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA; FARRELL Robert M; HAEGER Daniel A; HSU Po Shan; MISHRA Umesh K; DENBAARS Steven P; SPECK James S; NAKAMURA Shuji
281、BIOMARKERS FOR GOSSYPOL CHEMOTHERAPY AND METHODS OF TREATING DISEASE
摘要：The present invention provides a biomarker for selecting a patient for treatment with gossypol,  wherein the biomarker comprises an elevated expression level of c-Myc,  Mcl-1,  or combination thereof,  relative to the normal expression level of c-Myc,  Mcl-1,  or combination thereof. The present invention also provides methods for targeting patients for treatment with gossypol,  wherein the patient has a disease,  condition,  or disorder that overexpresses c-Myc,  Mcl-1,  or combination thereof. The present invention also provides methods for treating or ameliorating a disease,  condition,  or disorder in a patient comprising determining the expression level of c-Myc,  Mcl-1,  or combination thereof in the patient and administering gossypol to the patient. In certain embodiments of the invention,  the disease is cancer,  and the cancer cells show elevated expression levels of c-Myc compared to non-cancerous cells. The invention also provides methods for overcoming Mcl-1-mediated chemoresistance comprising administering gossypol to a patient in need thereof.
申请日：2010-07-28
申请人：THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN; WANG Shaomeng; JIANG Feng; LONG Jianting; BAI Longchuan
282、METHODS FOR ENHANCING ANTIGEN-SPECIFIC IMMUNE RESPONSES
摘要：Methods for delivering naked DNA vaccines to enhance immune responses,  by improving transfection efficiency without safety concerns associated with live viral vectors,  are described. A method may comprise administering to a mammalian subject an effective amount of a papillomavirus pseudovirion,  wherein the papillomavirus pseudovirion comprises at least one papillomavirus capsid protein encapsidating a naked DNA vaccine,  wherein the naked DNA vaccine comprises a first nucleic acid encoding at least one antigen,  thereby enhancing the antigen specific immune response relative to administration of the naked DNA vaccine.
申请日：2010-07-28
申请人：THE JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY; WU Tzyy Choou; HUNG Chien Fu; RODEN Richard
283、CELLS,  COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS
摘要：Method of producing induced T-to-Natural-Killer [ITNK] cells,  target T cells and/or target pro-T cells from T cells and/or pro-T cellswhich method involvesmodulating the activity and/or effect of at least one Bcl11b gene and/or protein present in a T cell and/or pro-T cell,  and converting said T cell and/or pro-T cell to an ITNK cell or target Tcells and/or target pro-T cells is described. ITNK cells,  target T cells and/or target pro-T cells produced by such method and mature activated T cells in which Bcl11b expression is downregulated or absent, and the use of such cells or modulators of Bcl11b in medicine is also described.
申请日：2010-07-15
申请人：GENOME RESEARCH LIMITED; LIU Pentao; LI Peng; BURKE Shannon
284、COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR ENHANCING PRODUCTION OF A BIOLOGICAL PRODUCT
摘要：The invention provides compositions and methods for producing a biological product from a host cell. In various embodiments,  the biological product is a polypeptide,  a metabolite,  a nutraceutical,  a chemical intermediate,  a biofuel,  a food additive,  or an antibiotic. In one aspect,  the invention provides for a method for producing a biological product from a host cell. The method generally comprises contacting the cell with a RNA effector molecule,  a portion of which is complementary to a target gene,  maintaining the cell in a large-scale bioreactor for a time sufficient to modulate expression of the target gene,  wherein the modulation enhances production of the biological product from the cell,  and isolating the biological product from the cell.
申请日：2010-07-06
申请人：ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS INC; ROSSOMANDO Anthony; MARAGANORE John M; POLLARD Stuart; KOCISKO David; MANOHARAN Muthiah; HINKLE Greg; BETTENCOURT Brian; HOGAN Shannon
285、CELL-BASED BIOPROCESSING
摘要：The invention provides compositions and methods for producing an immunogenic agent from a host cell. In various embodiments,  the immunogenic agent is a polypeptide,  an antigen,  a virus particle,  or a vaccine In one aspect,  the invention provides for a method for producing an immunogenic agent from a host cell. The method generally comprises contacting the cell with a RNA effector molecule,  a portion of which is complementary to a target gene,  maintaining the cell in a large-scale bioreactor for a time sufficient to modulate expression of the target gene,  wherein the modulation enhances production of the immunogenic agent from the cell,  and isolating the immunogenic agent from the cell.
申请日：2010-07-06
申请人：ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS INC; ROSSOMANDO Anthony; MARAGANORE John; POLLARD Stuart; KOCISKO David; MANOHARAN Muthiah; HINKLE Greg; BETTENCOURT Brian; HOGAN Shannon
286、FEEDBACK TRANSMISSION METHOD OF CHANNEL STATE INFORMATION AND USER EQUIPMENT
摘要：Disclosed are a method for transmitting feedback of channel state information and user equipment. The method comprises :  under a transmission mode,  user equipment (UE) determining contents carried by channel state information according to indication information,  wherein the indication information comprises at least one of the following :  rank indicator (RI),  channel quality indication information (CQI) and configuration signaling sent by a base station eNodeB;  and the UE sending the channel state information to the eNodeB. The present invention solves the problem that the contents provided by the channel state information are not suitable for those transmission modes under which a multiple user-MIMO and a single user-MIMO can be switched from one to another,  improving the applicability of the channel state information.
申请日：2010-06-29
申请人：ZTE CORP
287、FEEDBACK TRANSMISSION METHOD OF CHANNEL STATE INFORMATION AND USER EQUIPMENT
摘要：Disclosed are a method for transmitting feedback of channel state information and user equipment. The method comprises :  under a transmission mode,  user equipment (UE) determining contents carried by channel state information according to indication information,  wherein the indication information comprises at least one of the following :  rank indicator (RI),  channel quality indication information (CQI) and configuration signaling sent by a base station eNodeB;  and the UE sending the channel state information to the eNodeB. The present invention solves the problem that the contents provided by the channel state information are not suitable for those transmission modes under which a multiple user-MIMO and a single user-MIMO can be switched from one to another,  improving the applicability of the channel state information.
申请日：2010-06-29
申请人：ZTE CORP
288、METHOD OF USE OF AN IONIC LIQUID AND DEVICE FOR SORPTION OF A GAS
摘要：A method of use of an ionic liquid for sorption of a gas having an electric multipole moment is provided,  wherein the ionic liquid comprises an anion and a non-aromatic cation. In particular,  the electric multipole moment may be an electric dipole moment and/or an electric quadrupole moment. The sorption may be an adsorption or an absorption. The ionic liquid may be a pure ionic liquid,  i.e. a liquid substantially only containing anions and cations,  while not containing other components,  e.g. water. Alternatively a solution containing the ionic liquid and a solvent or further compound,  e.g. water,  may be used.
申请日：2010-06-22
申请人：VTU HOLDING GMBH; KALB Roland
289、HYDROCONVERSION PROCESS WITH ALKYL HALIDE COMPRISING AT LEAST 55 WT% HALIDE
摘要：A process comprising :  contacting a blend of hydrocarbons under hydroconversion conditions in a hydroconversion zone with a mixture of an acidic ionic liquid catalyst and at least one alkyl halide comprising at least 55 wt% halide and having a boiling point of 70°C or higher. An alkylation process comprising :  contacting a blend of hydrocarbons under alkylation conditions with a mixture of an acidic ionic liquid catalyst that is a chloroaluminate and at least one alkyl halide comprising 1, 1, 1 trichloroethane,  tetrachloroethylene,  or a mixture thereof;  wherein greater than 99.9 wt% of an at least one olefin in the blend of hydrocarbons is alkylated. Also,  a hydroconversion process comprising drying the alkyl halide.
申请日：2010-04-29
申请人：CHEVRON U S A INC; HOMMELTOFT Sven Ivar
290、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching
摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to accepting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  accepting sensor data about the individual;  presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the accepting sensor data about the individual;  and providing a matching system for procurement of at least one selected health service option.
申请日：2010-02-18
申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of the state of Delaware
291、METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR IDENTIFYING,  CLASSIFYING AND MONITORING SUBJECT HAVING BCL-2 FAMILY INHIBITOR-RESISTANT TUMORS AND CANCERS
摘要：The invention is directed to methods and kits that allow for identifying,  classifying,  and monitoring cancer patients for Bcl-2 family inhibitor therapies. The methods and compositions of the invention are directed to determining amplification of BCI-XL and in cancer or tumor cells,  or elevated BCI-XL polypeptide expression.
申请日：2010-02-11
申请人：ABBOTT LABORATORIES; VAN DELFT Mark F; HUANG David; TSE Christin; SEMIZAROV Dimitri; THE WALTER AND ELIZA HALL INSTITUTE OF MEDICAL RESEARCH; UZIEL Tamar; LESNIEWSKI Richard R
292、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching
摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to accepting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  activating at least one sensor at least partially based on the accepting an indication of at least one attribute of the individual;  accepting sensor data from the at least one sensor;  and presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the accepting sensor data from the at least one sensor.
申请日：2010-02-04
申请人：Gearbox LLC
293、METHODS FOR PREPARING SEQUENCING LIBRARIES
摘要：Improvements in chromatin immunoprecipitation-high throughput sequencing techniques has allowed the creation of chromatin maps from limited biological sample sizes that cannot be evaluated using conventional chromatin immunoprecipitation - sequencing protocols. For example,  a modified universal primer is utilized that incorporates restriction enzymes into chromatin immunoprecipitation fragments before amplification. The improved method allows the sample sizes to be several orders of magnitude less than that required for standard ChlP-Seq techniques.
申请日：2010-02-04
申请人：MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY; THE BROAD INSTITUTE INC; ADLI Mazhar; BERNSTEIN Bradley E; MIKKELSEN Tarjei S
294、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching
摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to accepting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  activating at least one sensor at least partially based on the accepting an indication of at least one attribute of the individual;  accepting sensor data from the at least one sensor;  and presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the accepting sensor data from the at least one sensor.
申请日：2010-02-03
申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of the State Delaware
295、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching
摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to detecting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  accepting sensor data about the individual;  and presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the detecting an indication of at least one attribute of the individual and the accepting sensor data about the individual.
申请日：2010-02-01
申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of the State of Delaware
296、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching
摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to detecting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  accepting sensor data about the individual;  and presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the detecting an indication of at least one attribute of the individual and the accepting sensor data about the individual.
申请日：2010-01-29
申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of the State of Delaware
297、适于检测脑电波的助听器和用于调适这类助听器的方法
摘要：本发明涉及一种助听器，其包含放大器(303，309，317)、输入换能器(301)、输出换能器(824)和信号处理设备(825)，所述放大器(303，309，317)和所述信号处理设备(825)被连接，助听器进一步包含其适于检测电信号(例如脑电波)的至少两个电极(201-205)，至少两个电极(201-205)连接到差分放大器(303，309，317)，差分放大器又连接到信号处理设备，并且助听器还包含用于独立于检测的信号改变所述助听器的操作的装置。本发明进一步提供用于助听器的调适的方法。
申请日：2010-01-28
申请人：唯听助听器公司
298、A HEARING AID ADAPTED FORDETECTING BRAIN WAVES AND A METHOD FOR ADAPTING SUCH A HEARING AID
摘要：A hearing aid comprises an amplifier (303,  309,  317),  an input transducer (301),  an output transducer (824) and a signal processing device (825). The amplifier (303,  309,  317) and the signal processing device (825) are connected. The hearing aid further comprises at least two electrodes (201-205) adapted for detecting electrical signals such as brain waves,  the at least two electrodes (201-205) being connected to a differential amplifier (303,  309,  317),  which in turn is connected to the signal processing device,  and means for modifying the operation of said hearing aid in dependence of the detected signals. The invention further provides a method for adaptation of a hearing aid.
申请日：2010-01-28
申请人：Widex A/S
299、A HEARING AID ADAPTED FOR DETECTING BRAIN WAVES AND A METHOD FOR ADAPTING SUCH A HEARING AID
摘要：A hearing aid comprises an amplifier (303,  309,  317),  an input transducer (301),  an output transducer (824) and a signal processing device (825). The amplifier (303,  309,  317) and the signal processing device (825) are connected. The hearing aid further comprises at least two electrodes (201-205) adapted for detecting electrical signals such as brain waves,  the at least two electrodes (201-205) being connected to a differential amplifier (303,  309,  317),  which in turn is connected to the signal processing device,  and means for modifying the operation of said hearing aid in dependence of the detected signals. The invention further provides a method for adaptation of a hearing aid.
申请日：2010-01-28
申请人：Non Dex A / S
300、A HEARING AID ADAPTED FORDETECTING BRAIN WAVES AND A METHOD FOR ADAPTING SUCH A HEARING AID
摘要：A hearing aid comprising an amplifier (303,  309,  317),  an input transducer (301),  an output transducer (824) and a signal processing device (825),  said amplifier (303,  309,  317) and said signal processing device (825) being connected,  the hearing aid further comprising at least two electrodes (201 - 205) adapted for detecting electrical signals such as brain waves,  the at least two electrodes (201 - 205) being connected to a differential amplifier (303,  309,  317),  which in turn is connected to the signal processing device,  and means for modifying the operation of said hearing aid in dependence of the detected signals. The invention further provides a method for adaptation of a hearing aid.
申请日：2010-01-28
申请人：WIDEX A/S; KIDMOSE Preben; MANDIC Danillo P; UNGSTRUP Michael; LOONEY David; PARK Cheolsoo; RANK Mike Lind
301、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching
摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to accepting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  accepting sensor data about the individual;  and presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the accepting an indication of at least one attribute of the individual and the accepting sensor data about the individual.
申请日：2010-01-21
申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of State of Delaware
302、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching
摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to accepting an indication of at least one attribute of an individual;  accepting sensor data about the individual;  and presenting a set of health care options at least partially based on the accepting an indication of at least one attribute of the individual and the accepting sensor data about the individual.
申请日：2010-01-20
申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of the State of Delaware
303、MIR-21 PROMOTER DRIVEN TARGETED CANCER THERAPY
摘要：The invention provides a nucleic acid construct comprising a promoter sequence derived from microRNA-21 (miR-21) linked to a nucleic acid sequence encoding an anti-cancer agent,  an example of which is a toxin. The constructs of the invention are particularly useful for treating tumors expressing miR-21.
申请日：2010-01-19
申请人：RAMOT AT TEL AVIV UNIVERSITY LTD; ROSIN ARBESFELD Rina; SKLAN Ella; ZILBERBERG Alona; DAVID Naama
304、Computational systems and methods for health services planning and matching
摘要：Systems and methods are described relating to accepting brain sensor data and presenting a plurality of health service options at least partly based on the accepting brain sensor data.
申请日：2009-12-30
申请人：Searete LLC a limited liability corporation of the State of Delaware
305、METHODS FOR DETECTING IgH/BCL-1 CHROMOSOMAL TRANSLOCATION
摘要：The invention provides methods for detection of Bcl-1 nucleic acid in acellular body fluid. The methods can be used to detect the IgH/Bcl-1 translocations (11; 14)(q13; q32) in acellular body fluid. The chromosomal translocation (11; 14)(q13; q32) is often associated with mantle cell (centrocytic) lymphoma and occasionally in other B-cell neoplasms,  notably myeloma. The invention is useful in the diagnosis of mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) and also for determining the prognosis of the disease.
申请日：2009-11-12
申请人：QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INVESTMENTS INCORPORATED; ALBITAR Maher
306、CHEMICAL MODULATORS OF PRO-APOPTOTIC BAX AND BCL-2 POLYPEPTIDES
摘要：The invention provides a method for identifying a compound which modulates the activity of a BCL-2 family polypeptide,  the method comprising :  a) contacting said BCL-2 family polypeptide with a compound under conditions suitable for modulation of the activity of said BCL-2 family polypeptide;  and b) detecting modulation of the activity of said BCL-2 family polypeptide by the compound,  wherein the compound interacts with a binding site comprising one or more of an αl helix,  α2 helix,  a loop between αl-α2,  α.6 helix,  and select residues of α4,  α.5,  and α.8 helices in said BCL-2 family polypeptide;  wherein the interaction of the compound with the binding site occurs at a horizontal hydrophobic groove with or without a perimeter of charged and hydrophilic residues,  a superior juxta-loop,  an inferior juxta-loop,  or combination thereof.
申请日：2009-10-09
申请人：DANA FARBER CANCER INSTITUTE; WALENSKY Loren D; GAVATHIOTIS Evripidis
307、METHOD OF SCREENING
摘要：A method of screening for a molecule which decreases apoptosis of a cell,  comprising :  i) combining the candidate molecule and an assay cell;  and ii) determining the change in survival of the assay cell in the presence of the molecule relative to a control. In one embodiment,  the assay cell is treated with an apoptosis inducing agent prior to or between steps i) and ii). In one example,  the treating agent reduces the level or activity of a pro-survival member of the Bcl-2 protein family,  such as Bcl x L or Mcl 1. In another embodiment,  the level or activity of at least one pro-survival member of the Bcl-2 family is reduced in the cell of step i). In some embodiments,  this is independent of any effect of the candidate molecule or apoptosis promoting agent. By reducing the level or activity of one or more pro-survival Bcl-2 protein family members in the assay cell,  the cell will undergo apoptosis mediated inter alia by Bak or Bax or Bale and Bax unless it is rescued by the candidate molecule.
申请日：2009-10-01
申请人：THE WALTER AND ELIZA HALL INSTITUTE OFMEDICAL RESEARCH
308、MULTIMODAL UNIFICATION OF ARTICULATION FOR DEVICE INTERFACING
摘要：A system for a multimodal unification of articulation includes a voice signal modality to receive a voice signal,  and a control signal modality which receives an input from a user and generates a control signal from the input which is selected from predetermined inputs directly corresponding to the phonetic information. The interactive voice based phonetic input system also includes a multimodal integration system to receive and integrates the voice signal and the control signal. The multimodal integration system delimits a context of a spoken utterance of the voice signal by using the control signal to preprocess and discretize into phonetic frames. A voice recognizer analyzing the voice signal integrated with the control signal to output a voice recognition result. This new paradigm helps overcome constraints found in interfacing mobile devices. Context information facilitates the handling of the commands in the application environment.
申请日：2009-09-10
申请人：SUNG JUN HYUNG
309、MULTIMODAL UNIFICATION OF ARTICULATION FOR DEVICE INTERFACING
摘要：A system for a multimodal unification of articulation includes a voice signal modality to receive a voice signal,  and a control signal modality which receives an input from a user and generates a control signal from the input which is selected from predetermined inputs directly corresponding to the phonetic information. The interactive voice based phonetic input system also includes a multimodal integration system to receive and integrates the voice signal and the control signal. The multimodal integration system delimits a context of a spoken utterance of the voice signal by using the control signal to preprocess and discretize into phonetic frames. A voice recognizer analyzing the voice signal integrated with the control signal to output a voice recognition result. this new paradigm helps overcome constraints found in interfacing mobile devices. Context information facilitates the handling of the commands in the application environment.
申请日：2009-09-10
申请人：SUNG Jun Hyung
310、METHOD OF CLASSIFICATION OF ELECTROENCEPHALOGRAPHIC SIGNALS IN INTERFACE BRAIN-COMPUTER
摘要：FIELD :  medicine.SUBSTANCE :  invention relates to field of human brain communication with computer and is intended for EEG registration,  analysis and interpretation of brain signals for controlling external execution units. From EEG signal isolated are positive maximums of amplitude of EEG signals from all deviations. If values of two neighbouring positive peaks differ by less than threshold of human psychophysiological perception,  they are considered equal and the second peak is excludes from further analysis. Simultaneously with isolation of the first positive peak from support deviation values of amplitudes of EEG signals by all remaining deviations are registered. In teaching multilayer neural network (MNN) additionally formed is array of indices of classes of mental movements,  performed by user,  who represents outlet array for MNN teaching,  weighting coefficients of classification by back-propagation algorithm are calculated. In identification of mental movement array of inlet vectors is supplied to MNN for calculation of outlet vector,  used for determination of user' s mental movement class.EFFECT :  method makes it possible to reduce time of mental command identification and simultaneously increases accuracy of their identification.2 cl,  20 dwg,  4 tbl
申请日：2009-09-03
申请人：Rossijskaja Federatsija v litse kotoroj vystupaet Ministerstvo obrazovanija i nauki Rossijskoj Federatsii; Federal' noe gosudarstvennoe avtonomnoe obrazovatel' noe uchrezhdenie vysshego professional' nogo obrazovanija "Juzhnyj federal' nyj universitet"
311、COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS OF USING (R)-PRAMIPEXOLE
摘要：Pharmaceutical compositions of (R)-pramipexole and one or more secondary therapeutic agents such as,  for example,  dopamine agonists,  dopaminergic agonists,  COMT inhibitors,  MOA inhibitors,  excitatory amino acid antagonists,  growth factors,  neurotrophic factors,  antioxidants,  anti-inflammatory agents,  immunomodulators,  anti-glutamatergics,  ion channel blockers,  α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) receptor antagonists,  heat shock protein inducers/ protein disaggregators and downregulators,  monoamine oxidase type B (MOAB) inhibitors,  multi-target agents,  kinase inhibitors,  Bcl inducers,  histone deacetylase (HDAC) mediators,  glial modulators,  mitochondrial energy promoting agents,  myostatin inhibitors,  caspase inhibitors and combinations thereof or those related to mitochondrial dysfunction or increased oxidative stress are disclosed.
申请日：2009-08-19
申请人：KNOPP NEUROSCIENCES INC; BOZIK Michael; GRIBKOFF Valentin
312、CYTOPLASMIC MALE STERILE LEEK PLANTS,  METHODS FOR THE PREPARATION AND USE THEREOF,  AND A CYTOPLASMIC MALE STERILE GARLIC PLANT
摘要：The present invention relates to cytoplasmic male sterile leek (Allium ampeloprasum) plants comprising cytoplasmic encoded male sterility originating from garlic plant (Allium sativum L.) with deposit number NCIMB 41563. Furthermore,  the invention relates to a method for providing hereof. And the invention relates to use of the provided plant and of garlic for providing cytoplasmic encoded male sterility.
申请日：2009-07-14
申请人：BEJO ZADEN B V; VAN CAPPELLEN Witte; ADRIAANSE Marcel; LANGEDIJK Eduard Alphonsus; BONGERS Henricus Chretien Marie Louise; Schrijver Albertus Johannes Maria
313、SILENCING AND RIG-1 ACTIVATION BY DUAL FUNCTION OLIGONUCLEOTIDES
摘要：The invention describes a method of determining whether a double stranded RNA (dsRNA) silences gene expression in a cell in vivo by an RNA interference (RNAi) mechanism by performing 5' - rapid amplification of cDNA ends (5' RACE) to detect the cleavage site of the mRNA in the RNA sample.
申请日：2009-06-30
申请人：ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS INC; HARTMANN Gunther
314、METHODS OF TREA FING ΛΛD METHODS OF DIAGNOSING AN IMMUNOPROLIFERATIVE DISORDER
摘要：Disclosed herein an immunoproliferative disorder are methods of treating an immunoproliferative disorder. Disclosed herein are methods of diagnosing an immunoproliferative disorder. Disclosed herein are therapeutic agents that modulate proteins and/or genes involved in the development,  maintenance,  progression,  and metastasis of an immunoproliferative disorder. Disclosed herein are proteins and/or genes that are involved in the development,  maintenance,  progression,  and metastasis of an immunoproliferative disorder. Disclosed herein are methods of modulating proteins and/or genes involved in the development,  maintenance,  progression,  and metastasis of an immunoproliferative disorder.
申请日：2009-06-23
申请人：TAIGA BIOTECHNOLOGIES INC; REFAELI Yosef; TURNER Brian Curtis
315、PROCESSES AND COMPOUNDS FOR THE PREPARATION OF NORMORPHINANS
摘要：The invention generally provides processes and intermediate compounds useful for the production of normorphinans and derivatives of normorphinans, eg.
申请日：2009-05-21
申请人：MALLINCKRODT INC; WANG Peter X; MOSER Frank W; CANTRELL Gary L; JIANG Tao; HALVACHS Robert E; GROTE Christopher W
316、UBIQUITOUS INTERFACE DEVICE SPLIT
摘要：The invention relates to man-machine interfaces. In particular,  the invention relates to a man-machine interface which provides a ubiquitous communication between a user and a plurality of controlled devices. A system (100) is described which provides ubiquitous interfacing between a user (101) and a device under control,  DUG (109). The system (100) comprises a human interface device,  HID (102),  operable to detect a user input from the user (101) and to transmit the user input to a HID controller (103). The system (100) further comprises the HID controller (103) which is physically separate from the HID (102) and the DUG (109) and operable to receive the user input from the HID (102),  to relate and translate the user input to a corresponding DUC command and to transmit the DUC command to the DUC (109) for execution. The separation of HID and DUC makes the man-machine interface mobile and adaptable to the user preferences.
申请日：2009-05-15
申请人：ALCATEL LUCENT; DOLL Mark; TEMPL Wolfgang; TANGEMANN Michael
317、SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR NEUROLOGICAL ACTIVITY SIGNATURE DETERMINATION,  DISCRIMINATION,  AND DETECTION
摘要：A system and method are provided for automatically correlating neurological activity to a predetermined physiological response. The system includes at least one sensor operable to sense signals indicative of the neurological activity,  and a processing engine coupled to the sensor. The processing engine is operable in a first system mode to execute a simultaneous sparse approximation jointly upon a group of signals sensed by the sensor to generate signature information corresponding to the predetermined physiological response. The system further includes a detector coupled to the sensors,  which is operable in a second system mode to monitor the sensed signals. The detector generates upon selective detection according to the signature information a control signal for actuating a control action according to the predetermined physiological response.
申请日：2009-05-14
申请人：SIERACKI JEFFREY M
318、CAR-MOUNTED APPARATUS
摘要：PURPOSE :  A device and a method for controlling equipment in a vehicle are provided to operate the equipment by shortening the delay of time.CONSTITUTION :  A signal detection unit detects the brain wave signal. The signal detection unit separates the brain wave signal and interprets the signal. According to the intensity of the brain wave signal interpreted by the signal detection unit,  the determination unit generates multiple control signals. According to the kind of the control signal generated by the determination unit,  a process order control unit performs the following process. A display unit creates a figure to induce the brain wave signal. The display unit displays the figure by receiving a signal.COPYRIGHT KIPO 2010
申请日：2009-05-13
申请人：KABUSHIKI KAISHA HITACHI SEISAKUSHO(D/B/A HITACHI LTD )
319、BISPECIFIC INTRACELLULAR DELIVERY VEHICLES
摘要：A composition for delivering an agent to a cell,  comprising a bispecific affinity reagent and a pH-responsive,  membrane destabilizing polymer. The bispecific affinity reagent may include a first affinity reagent covalently linked to a second affinity reagent,  wherein the first affinity reagent binds to a molecule on the surface of a cell,  and the second affinity reagent binds to an intracellular target.
申请日：2009-05-13
申请人：UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON; PHASERX; STAYTON Patrick S; HOFFMAN Alan S; CONVERTINE Anthony; DUVALL Craig L; OVERELL Robert; JOHNSON Paul
320、METHODS FOR IDENTIFYING COMPOUNDS THAT AFFECT EXPRESSION OF CANCER-RELATED PROTEIN ISOFORMS
摘要：Provided herein are methods for screening compounds for their ability to modulate the expression of certain isoforms of proteins that are associated with cancer,  such as isoforms of proteins that participate in Wnt signaling in cancer cells.
申请日：2009-05-06
申请人：WINTHERIX LLC; HOOD John; BARROGA Charlene F; CARSON Dennis; LU Desheng
321、METHODS OF DETERMINING THE HEALTH STATUS OF AN INDIVIDUAL
摘要：Methods of determining health status based on analysis of single cells in a sample or set of samples from an individual are described.
申请日：2009-04-29
申请人：NODALITY INC; FANTL Wendy J; FRANCIS LANG Helen L; COHEN Aileen C; NOLAN Garry P
322、A PROCESS FOR REMOVING ALUMINUM AND OTHER METAL CHLORIDES FROM CHLOROSILANES
摘要：A process for removing aluminum and other metal chlorides from liquid chlorosilanes with the steps of :  introducing a source of seed into a source of impure liquid chlorosilanes,  initiating the crystallization of aluminum and other metal chlorides on the seed from the liquid chlorosilanes in a first agitated vessel,  passing the resulting mixture of liquid and solids through a cooler into a second agitated vessel for additional crystallization,  transferring the resulting mixture of liquid and solids into a solids removal device,  transferring the liquid with reduced solids content to a further process or vessel and transferring the liquid with high solids content into a waste concentration device,  passing the resulting liquid with reduced solids content to a further process or vessel and passing the resultant liquid with very high solids content to a waste storage vessel with agitation.
申请日：2009-03-31
申请人：LORD Stephen M
323、PURIFICATION OF FLUORINE CONTAINING GASES
摘要：A method of reducing moisture in a fluorine-containing gas is described. The method may include the steps of providing a purifier material that includes elemental carbon,  and flowing the unpurified fluorine-containing gas having an unpurified moisture concentration over or through the carbon-based purifier material. At least a portion of the moisture is captured in the purifier material so that a purified fluorine-containing gas that emerges downstream of the purifier material has a reduced moisture concentration that is about 50% or less of the unpurified moisture concentration.
申请日：2009-03-26
申请人：MATHESON TRI GAS; MILLWARD Andrew; VININSKI Joseph V; TORRES JR Robert; WANTANBE Tadaharu; WYSE Carrie L; RAYNOR Mark; DAVIA Dan; JHA Praveen
324、METHODS FOR SYNTHESIZING KOTALANOL AND STEREOISOMERS AND ANALOGUES THEREOF,  AND NOVEL COMPOUNDS PRODUCED THEREBY
摘要：Compounds having the general formula (I) :  wherein X is S,  Se or NH,  and stereoisomers thereof,  and de-O-sulfonated analogues of all of the foregoing,  but excluding naturally occurring kotalanol and de-O-sulfonated kotalanol,  and methods for synthesizing same. The compounds are useful as glycosidase inhibitors,  and may be used in the treatment of diabetes. The synthetic compounds may also be used as standards in the calibration or grading of natural or herbal remedies produced from natural sources of glycosidase inhibitors such as kotalanol.
申请日：2009-03-25
申请人：SIMON FRASER UNIVERSITY; PINTO Brian Mario; KUMARASAMY Jayakanthan; NASI Ravindranath; MOHAN Sankar
325、SUBSTRATES FOR SILICON SOLAR CELLS AND METHODS OF PRODUCING THE SAME
摘要：Aspects of the invention include methods for depositing silicon on a substrate. In certain embodiments,  the methods include exposing a substrate containing silicon to a halogenated silane in a manner sufficient to deposit the silicon on the substrate. In certain embodiments,  the method includes providing a substrate,  one or more sources of gas,  and a reaction vessel that is in fluid communication with the substrate and the one or more sources of gas. In certain embodiments,  the substrate is a low or metallurgical grade silicon which may be subjected to a purification process. In certain embodiments,  the reaction vessel is a particle bed reaction vessel that includes a moving bed,  such as a fluidized bed which contains silicon and the gas includes a halide.
申请日：2009-03-04
申请人：SRI INTERNATIONAL; SANJURJO Angel
326、TRIAZOLES AND PROCESSES FOR PRODUCING THE SAME
摘要：The present disclosure relates to triazoles and processes for their preparation. The processes involve a target-guided synthesis approach,  whereby an alkyne and an azide are reacted in the presence of a biological target protein,  a Bcl-2 family protein,  to form the triazole.
申请日：2009-02-23
申请人：UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA; H LEE MOFFITT CANCER CENTER AND RESEARCH INSTITUTE INC; MANETSCH Roman; WANG Hong gang; HU Xiandong; KULKAMI Sameer; SUN Jiazhi G
327、ACYLSULFONAMIDES AND PROCESSES FOR PRODUCING THE SAME
摘要：The present disclosure relates to acylsulfonamides and processes for their preparation. The processes involve a target-guided synthesis approach,  whereby a thioacid and a sulfonyl azide are reacted in the presence of a biological target protein,  a Bcl-2 family protein,  to form the acylsulfonamide.
申请日：2009-02-23
申请人：UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA; H LEE MOFFITT CANCER CENTER AND RESEARCH INSTITUTE; MANETSCH Roman; WANG Hong Gang; HU Xiandong; KULKAMI Sameer; SUN Jiazhi G
328、Diffused data encryption/decryption processing method
摘要：The present invention discloses a diffused data encryption/decryption processing method,  which comprises a plaintext,  being at least a 2D matrix;  and a password,  being at least a 2D matrix;  such that the password determines the starting point of the diffusion,  the length of the diffusion,  the cycle of diffusion,  the number of encrypted diffusions and the number of decrypted diffusions to perform the diffusion computation of the plaintext as to achieve the purpose of processing the encryption and decryption.
申请日：2009-02-03
申请人：LEE CHIOU HAUN
329、GECL4 AND/OR SICL4 RECOVERY PROCESS FROM OPTICAL FIBERS OR GLASSY RESIDUES AND PROCESS FOR PRODUCING SICL4 FROM SIO2 RICH MATERIALS
摘要：A method is provided for producing GeCl4 with or without SiCl4 from optical fibers,  the method comprises the steps of :  reacting comminuted optical fibers including germanium and optionally silicon oxides with a reagent including a solid carbonaceous reducing agent,  chlorine and a boron compound to obtain a gaseous product including gaseous GeCl4,  gaseous SiCl4,  and gaseous BCl3 in accordance with the reactions :  2BCl3(g) + 1.5GeO2 = 1.5GeCl4(g) + B2O3;  2BCl3(g) + 1.5 SiO2 = 1.5 SiCl4(g) + B2O;  B2O3 + 1.5C + 3Cl2 = 2BCl3(g) + 1.5CO2;  and then condensing the gaseous GeCl4,  BCl3 and optionally SiCl4 into liquid GeCl4,  BCl3 and optionally SiCl4. The invention further provides a method for producing SiCl4 (and optionally GeCl4) from glassy residues obtained from optical fiber manufacturing and wasted optical cables. The method includes the steps of :  reacting comminuted glassy residues with a reagent including a solid carbonaceous reducing agent,  a salt,  a boron compound to obtain a gaseous product including SiCl4,  BCl3,  and optionally GeCl4;  and then condensing the gaseous SiCl4,  BCl3 (with or without GeCl4) into liquid SiCl4,  BCl3 and GeCl4. There is also provided a method for producing SiCl4 from a SiO2 containing material.
申请日：2008-12-01
申请人：INSTITUT NATIONAL DE LA RECHERCHE SCIENTIFIQUE; BERGERON Mario; LANGLAIS Alain
330、FIBROUS MATERIAL IN SHEET Of PERMANENT PASTING FOR OPEN BATTERY AND OPEN BATTERY INCLUDING/UNDERSTANDING a MATERIAL Of PERMANENT PASTING
摘要：A permanent pasting sheet for an open and/or sealed battery,  the material including glass microfibers that withstand acid electrolytes and a hydrophilic binder that withstands acid electrolytes,  wherein the fiber material has a Cobb60 degree,  determined using the standard ISO 535,  that is greater than or equal to three times its weight.
申请日：2008-10-29
申请人：DUMAS BERNARD
331、SYSTEMS,  METHODS AND DEVICES FOR A SKULL/BRAIN INTERFACE
摘要：Disclosed are methods,  devices,  and systems for inducing neuromodulation by focusing a source of stimulation through a skull/brain interface in the form of an aperture formed in the skull,  a naturally occurring fenestration in the skull,  or a transcranial channel. Also disclosed are methods,  devices,  and systems for directing and focusing signals or other energy sensed from the brain for measurement,  heat transfer and/or imaging. Further disclosed are methods,  devices,  and systems for identifying where to locate skull/brain interfaces,  accessories that can be used with the interfaces,  and features for controlling stimulation delivered through the interfaces. Multiple indications for the skull/brain interfaces are also disclosed,  including diagnosis and treatment of neurological disorders and conditions such as epilepsy,  movement disorders,  depression,  Alzheimer' s disease,  autism,  coma,  and pain.
申请日：2008-10-29
申请人：NEUROPACE INC; PLESS Benjamin; CHAO Daniel; WINGELER Brett; TCHENG Thomas
332、CANCER THERAPY
摘要：The invention provides therapy for treating cancers,  such as Bcl-2+ cancers,  and Bcl-XL- cancers,  and other neoplasms,  using romidepsin. The invention provides,  inter alia,  methods of treating lymphomas,  e.g.,  lymphomas characterized by one or more of Bcl-2 expression,  lack of overexpression of Bcl-XL,  lack of overexpression of P-glycoprotein,  with romidepsin. In some embodiments,  the lymphoma is a cutaneous T cell lymphoma. In some embodiments,  the lymphoma is a peripheral T cell lymphoma. Romidepsin can be administered a dosages ranging from 0.5 mg/m2 to approximately 28 mg/m2 (e.g.,  from 1 mg/m2 to 15 mg/m2,  from 4 mg/m2 to 15 mg/m2,  from 8 mg/m2 to 14 mg/m2,  or from 4 mg/m2 to approximately 10 mg/m2). Romidepsin can be administered with a second agent,  such as a cytotoxic agent,  a steroidal agent,  a proteasome inhibitor,  or a kinase inhibitor.
申请日：2008-10-24
申请人：GLOUCESTER PHARMACEUTICALS; PETER MACCALLUM CANCER CENTRE; KEEGAN Mitchell; JOHNSTONE Ricky W; NEWBOLD Andrea; CLUSE Leonie
333、AUTOMATIC SEGMENTATION OF ARTICULAR CARTILAGE IN MR IMAGES
摘要：This invention concerns the automatic segmentation of articular cartilage in magnetic resonance (MR) images,  especially but not exclusively for knee cartilage. In one aspect the invention is a method,  in another it is software. In particular the following steps may be used :  Filtering the captured patient specific MR image data to smooth it and extracting gradients from it. Generating a patient specific 3D model of the articular bone surfaces,  by fitting an a priori 3D model of the bone surfaces to captured patient specific MR image data. Relaxing the patient specific 3Dmodel of the bone surfaces along a probable bone-cartilage interface (BCI) derived from a priori knowledge of the BCI,  and updating the patient specific 3D model to identify the BCI. Estimating the properties of the tissue types in the updated patient specific 3D model. And,  applying the estimates of tissue types and the extracted gradients as process drivers to a cost function that iteratively assigns values that define the cartilage in the updated patient specific 3D model using an a priori model of expected cartilage properties,  to produce a bone-cartilage segmentation with one common BCI.
申请日：2008-10-22
申请人：COMMONWEALTH SCIENTIFIC AND INDUSTRIAL RESEARCH ORGANISATION; FRIPP Jurgen; OURSELIN Sebastien; CROZIER Stuart
334、4-PYRIMIDINESULFAMIDE DERIVATIVE
摘要：The invention relates to the compound of structural formula (I) and the salts thereof. Said compound is useful as endothelin receptor antagonist. The invention further relates to a process for preparing said compound.
申请日：2008-08-15
申请人：ACTELION PHARMACEUTICALS LTD; BOLLI Martin; BOSS Christoph; TREIBER Alexander
335、METHOD FOR PREDICTING RESPONSE TO TAMOXIFEN
摘要：This invention relates,  e.g.,  to a method for predicting the response of a subject having,  or at risk of developing,  breast cancer to Tamoxifen therapy. The method comprises measuring the amount of phosphorylation at residues S70 of Bcl-2,  Y992 of EGFR,  and/or Y527 of Src in a suitable sample from the subject,  wherein a statistically significantly elevated level of phosphorylation at one or more of the three residues compared to a baseline value indicates that the subject is likely to be responsive to Tamoxifen therapy.
申请日：2008-07-28
申请人：GEORGE MASON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTIES INC; PETRICOIN Emanuel F III; LIOTTA Lance A; WULFKUHLE Julia D
336、METHOD FOR ETCHING METAL NITRIDE WITH HIGH SELECTIVITY TO OTHER MATERIALS
摘要：A method and system of etching a metal nitride,  such as titanium nitride,  is described. The etching process comprises introducing a process composition having a halogen containing gas,  such as Cl2,  HBr,  or BCl3,  and a hydrocarbon gas having the chemical formula CxHy,  where x and y are equal to unity or greater.
申请日：2008-07-23
申请人：TOKYO ELECTRON LIMITED; KO Akiteru; TAKAHASHI Hiroyuki; SAWATAISHI Masayuki
337、AN OPTICAL WAVEGUIDE STRUCTURE AND METHOD OF MANUFACTURE THEREOF
摘要：An optical waveguide structure comprising a III-V semiconductor substrate;  a III-V semiconductor top layer;  and,  an etch stop layer sandwiched therebetween,  the etch stop layer containing Aluminium or Phosphorous;  the top layer comprising first and second spaced apart recesses extending through the top layer to the etch stop layer and defining an optical waveguide therebetween.
申请日：2008-07-10
申请人：FILTRONIC COMPOUND SEMICONDUCTORS LIMITED; MURDOCH Gayle; O' KEEFE Matthew Francis; CLEMENTS Stephen John
338、PLASMA ETCHING APPARATUS AND METHOD OF ETCHING WAFER
摘要：Provided is a plasma etching equipment and a method of etching a wafer using the plasma etching equipment. The plasma etching equipment includes a chamber,  a wafer support disposed in the chamber and configured to support a wafer and move the wafer vertically,  a plasma generation unit configured to generate plasma in the chamber,  an etch gas supply unit configured to supply an etch gas into the chamber,  and a remote plasma generation unit configured to excite a post-process gas into a plasma state and supply it into the chamber.
申请日：2008-07-09
申请人：SOSUL CO LTD; RHA Kwan Goo; LEE Jung Hee; JANG Chul Hee; LEE Gil Hun; HAN Young Ki
339、FUNCTIONALIZATION OF MICROSCOPY PROBE TIPS
摘要：The invention comprises a method of functionalizing scanning probe microscope (SPM) tips to image and/or measure interactions between surfaces,  including the surfaces of inorganic,  organic-inorganic hybrid,  organic,  magnetic/conductive,  hard coatings and biological materials. The invention further comprises the use of atomic layer deposition (ALD) to functionalize SPM tips.
申请日：2008-06-25
申请人：UNIVERSITETET I OSLO; NILSEN Ola; FJELLVAG Helmer; HAUGEN Havard J; LYNGSTADASS Stale Petter; ELLINGSEN Jan Eirik; LAMOLLE Sebastien Francis
340、METHOD AND DEVICE FOR COMPUTER-AIDED PREDICTION OF INTENDED MOVEMENTS
摘要：Method and device for computer-aided prediction of intended movements from neuronal signals of a brain,  wherein the neuronal signals are each associated in the brain with intended movements,  wherein neuronal signals are recorded and the most probable movements are determined from these,  specifically using a predetermined model in which a recorded neuronal signal and a determined movement are assigned to each other,  and,  for the probability with which a recorded neuronal signal corresponds to a respective predetermined movement,  a predetermined distribution is assumed that is defined by specific characteristic values,  wherein an adaptation of the neuronal signal is included in the predetermined model.
申请日：2008-06-23
申请人：Albert Ludwigs Universität Freiburg
341、Method and Device for Computer-Aided Prediction of Intended Movements
摘要：Method and device for computer-aided prediction of intended movements from neuronal signals of a brain,  wherein the neuronal signals are each associated in the brain with intended movements,  wherein neuronal signals are recorded and the most probable movements are determined from these,  specifically using a predetermined model in which a recorded neuronal signal and a determined movement are assigned to each other,  and,  for the probability with which a recorded neuronal signal corresponds to a respective predetermined movement,  a predetermined distribution is assumed that is defined by specific characteristic values,  wherein an adaptation of the neuronal signal is included in the predetermined model.
申请日：2008-06-23
申请人：ALBERT LUDWIGS UNIVERSITÄT FREIBURG
342、METHOD AND DEVICE FOR COMPUTER-AIDED PREDICTION OF INTENDED MOVEMENTS
摘要：Method and device for computer-aided prediction of intended movements from neuronal signals of a brain,  wherein the neuronal signals are each associated in the brain with intended movements,  wherein neuronal signals are recorded and the most probable movements are determined from these,  specifically using a predetermined model in which a recorded neuronal signal and a determined movement are assigned to each other,  and,  for the probability with which a recorded neuronal signal corresponds to a respective predetermined movement,  a predetermined distribution is assumed that is defined by specific characteristic values,  wherein an adaptation of the neuronal signal is included in the predetermined model.
申请日：2008-06-23
申请人：UNIV ALBERT LUDWIGS FREIBURG; RICKERT JOERN; MEHRING CARSTEN; BLUMBERG JULIE; BRAUN DANIEL; MILEKOVIC TOMISLAV; FISCHER JOERG
343、Method and system for generating load only to the targeted system,  not to the connected ones when doing performance,  load,  functional tests on the targeted system.
摘要：PURPOSE :  A system and a method for causing load in an aimed system for a performance,  load,  and function test are provided to keep a normal operation of a linked system by causing the load in only the tested system.CONSTITUTION :  A code set by a user is performed by instrumenting a method of an object class,  which communicates with link systems by using the set instrument information,  by using a BCI(Byte Code Instrumentation) program(50). User setting information is transferred to a simulator manager(30) by using a web browser(70) and a JSP(Java Server Page) program(40). The simulator manager stores the user setting information. Various kinds of tests are performed to a web application(61) of a tested system by using a client program(60). The web application calls the method of the instrumented class to communicate with the link system. The method of the instrumented class performs the instrumented code instead of an original code. The instrumented code is processed based on the setting information by using the simulator handler.COPYRIGHT KIPO 2010
申请日：2008-06-09
申请人：PARK KEE BOK
344、METHODS AND SYSTEMS FOR CONTROLLING BODY PARTS AND DEVICES USING IPSILATERAL MOTOR CORTEX AND MOTOR RELATED CORTEX
摘要：A system for controlling a body part includes a number of sensing devices that sense signals from a hemisphere of a brain. A signal translating unit translates the signals into a command signal for controlling the body part,  which is on a same side of the body as the hemisphere of the brain. A prosthetic device receives the command signal from the signal translating unit and manipulates the body part in response to the command signal.
申请日：2008-06-05
申请人：Washington University
345、METHODS AND COMPOUNDS FOR REGULATING APOPTOSIS
摘要：An assay for determining compounds that inhibit activity of a BC1-2 protein,  or affect conversion of Bc1-2 from an antiapoptotic to a proapoptotic form are described. In addition,  compounds that modulate the function of anti-apoptotic proteins such as Bc1-2 and related Bc1-2 family members are identified.
申请日：2008-06-02
申请人：THE BURNHAM INSTITUTE FOR MEDICAL RESEARCH; REED John C; YIP Kenneth; SERGIENKO Eduard; SU Ying
346、Method and system for classifying brain signals in a BCI using a subject-specific model
摘要：A method or system for classifying brain signals in a BCI. The system comprises a model building unit for building a subject-independent model using labelled brain signals from a pool of subjects.
申请日：2008-05-26
申请人：Agency for Science Technology and Research
347、A METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR CLASSIFYING BRAIN SIGNALS IN A BCI
摘要：A method or system for classifying brain signals in a BCI. The system comprises a model building unit for building a subject-independent model using labelled brain signals from a pool of subjects.
申请日：2008-05-26
申请人：AGENCY FOR SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH; LU Shijian; GUAN Cuntai; ZHANG Haihong
348、患者手术全麻知晓的定量监测指标设备
摘要：本发明公开了一种患者手术全麻知晓的定量监测指标设备，它包括：脑电信号表面电极、滤波电路、脑电放大电路、脑诱发电位放大器、模数转换器、计算脑40Hz诱发听稳态指数的计算机、声音刺激电路。计算机生成的两导脑诱发电位信号和脑电图信号曲线存入数据缓存器中；声音刺激电路包括：40Hz声音调制电路和声音放大电路；计算机同步于4个声音刺激，每100毫秒获得两导脑诱发和脑电数字信号，清数据缓存器。本发明具有如下的优点和积极效果：40Hz听稳态技术不同于其它听觉诱发电位的主要优点就在于刺激的节律同步于听觉中潜伏期的波峰位置，形成共振的效应，提高了信号的强度和规律性，使诱发电位的提取变得相对容易，加强了诱发电位技术在临床实际应用的可能性。
申请日：2008-05-07
申请人：张炳熙; 吴一兵
349、Electrophysiological sensor,  weak electrical signal conditioning circuit and method for controlling said circuit
摘要：An electrophysiological sensor,  weak electrical signal conditioning circuit and method for controlling the circuit as provided. The sensor includes rigid filiform conducting nanostructures connected to a conducting substrate and operable to penetrate an organic tissue. The circuit includes an instrumentation amplifier with an input connected to a first electrode in contact with a first area of a medium,  and a second input;  a voltage generating device connected to an electrode in contact with a second area of the medium for applying a continuous reference signal to it;  a compensator,  electrically insulated from the device,  for compensating the direct current offsets of a weak electrical signal received by the first electrode,  generating a signal with a reference voltage with a value which can be modified by a control system,  and supplying it to the second input. A method is also provided for controlling the circuit.
申请日：2008-04-22
申请人：STARLAB BARCELONA SL
350、SOI SUBSTRATE AND MANUFACTURING METHOD OF THE SAME,  AND SEMICONDUCTOR DEVICE
摘要：A manufacturing method of a semiconductor substrate is provided,  in which a bonding strength can be increased even when a substrate having low heat resistant temperature,  e.g.,  a glass substrate,  is used. Heat treatment is conducted at a temperature higher than or equal to a strain point of a support substrate in an oxidation atmosphere containing halogen,  so that a surface of a semiconductor substrate is covered with an insulating film. A separation layer is formed in the semiconductor substrate. A blocking layer is provided. Then,  heat treatment is conducted in a state in which the semiconductor substrate and the support substrate are superposed with the silicon oxide film therebetween,  at a temperature lower than or equal to the support substrate,  so that a part of the semiconductor substrate is separated at the separation layer. In this manner,  a single crystal semiconductor layer is formed on the support substrate.
申请日：2008-03-21
申请人：SEMICONDUCTOR ENERGY LABORATORY CO LTD; YAMAZAKI Shunpei
351、METHOD OF SCREENING
摘要：A method of screening for a molecule which decreases apoptosis of a cell,  comprising :  i) combining the candidate molecule and an assay cell;  and ii) determining the change in survival of the assay cell in the presence of the molecule relative to a control. In one embodiment,  the assay cell is treated with an apoptosis inducing agent prior to or between steps i) and ii). In one example,  the treating agent reduces the level or activity of a pro-survival member of the Bcl-2 protein family,  such as Bcl xL or Mcl 1. In another embodiment,  the level or activity of at least one pro-survival member of the Bcl-2 family is reduced in the cell of step i). In some embodiments,  this is independent of any effect of the candidate molecule or apoptosis promoting agent. By reducing the level or activity of one or more pro-survival Bcl-2 protein family members in the assay cell,  the cell will undergo apoptosis mediated inter alia by Bak or Bax or Bak and Bax unless it is rescued by the candidate molecule.
申请日：2008-03-20
申请人：THE WALTER AND ELIZA HALL INSTITUTE OF MEDICAL RESEARCH; KILE Benjamin Thomas; HUANG David C S
352、System and method for processing brain signals in a BCI system
摘要：A system and method for processing brain signals in a BCI system. The method of processing brain signals in a BCI system includes the steps of processing the brain signals for control state detection to determine if a subject intends to use the BCI system;  and processing the brain signals for command recognition if the control state detection method determines that the subject intends to use the BCI system.
申请日：2008-02-11
申请人：Agency for Science Technology and Research
353、A SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR CLASSIFYING BRAIN SIGNALS IN A BCI SYSTEM
摘要：A method and system for classifying brain signals in a BCI system. The method for classifying brain signals in a BCI system comprises the steps of :  extracting CSP features for N1 training trials;  calculating classifiers based on the extracted CSP features;  classifying N2 test trials;  and iteratively;  re-extracting CSP features for all N1+N2 trials;  re-calculating classifiers based on the re-extracted CSP features;  re-classifying the N2 test trials;  and determining whether a variation in the re-classification of the N2 test trials compared to a previous iteration is equal to or lower than a threshold.
申请日：2008-02-11
申请人：AGENCY FOR SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH; LI Yuanqing; GUAN Cuntai; LI Huiqi
354、METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS RELATING TO THE REGULATION OF APOPTOSIS BY MUC1 AND BH3- CONTAINING PROAPOPTOTIC PROTEINS
摘要：This invention relates to regulation of cell signaling,  cell growth,  and more particularly to the regulation of cancer or immune cell growth. The invention provides methods of inhibiting interactions between MUC1 and BH3 -containing proapoptotic proteins,  methods of inhibiting MUC1 expression,  and methods of promoting apoptosis. Also provided are screening methods for compounds that inhibit interactions between MUC1 and BH3 -containing proapoptotic proteins and pharmaceutical compositions of the same.
申请日：2008-02-01
申请人：DANA FARBER CANCER INSTITUTE INC; KUFE Donald W
355、Telephone call handling method for busy call subscriber device,  involves connecting server to logging device,  determining call subscriber device for busy signal call,  and displaying subscriber of busy call subscriber device
摘要：In a method for the treatment of calls for a busy called customer premises equipment (Ty) in a telecommunications network with a private branch exchange (NI) (A),  the calling subscriber devices (Tx) wherein the analysed has occupied,  called customer premises equipment "occupied" transmitted directly (Ty) and a signal from the control of the data transmission connections (M) for Logging a logger event data concerned,  the traced event data to the PBX (A) are connected by an associated with [...] -server and the customer premises equipment (Ty) the PBX (A) and an "occupied" signaled as a calling subscriber equipment (Tx) (Y) of the Occupied Call is determined and displayed (Ty) the subscriber called customer premises equipment.
申请日：2008-01-31
申请人：ROMICO GMBH
356、METHOD OF TREATING A GAS STREAM
摘要：A method is described for treating a gas stream containing a flammable gas,  such as hydrogen or a hydrocarbon gas. The gas stream is conveyed to a liquid ring pump (18),  to which a gaseous oxidant and water are supplied. The water a' nd the gas stream are discharged from the pump (18),  with the discharged gas stream being subsequently separated from the liquid,  and conveyed to a pyrolysis device (42) for pyrolysing the flammable gas and the oxidant. Any particulates and acidic species within the gas stream are retained by the water within the liquid ring pump to inhibit corrosion or blockage of the pyrolysis device (42). A filter or other device (40) may be provided to remove water from the gas stream before it enters the pyrolysis device (42).
申请日：2008-01-23
申请人：EDWARDS LIMITED; SMITH James Robert; KNIGHT Gary Peter
357、METHODS FOR RECESS ETCHING
摘要：Methods for recess etching are provided herein that advantageously improve lateral to vertical etch ratio requirements,  thereby enabling deeper recess etching while maintaining relatively shallow vertical etch depths. Such enhanced lateral etch methods advantageously provide benefits for numerous applications where lateral to vertical etch depth ratios are constrained or where recesses or cavities are desired to be formed. In some embodiments,  a method of recess etching includes providing a substrate having a structure formed thereon;  forming a recess in the substrate at least partially beneath the structure using a first etch process;  forming a selective passivation layer on the substrate;  and extending the recess in the substrate using a second etch process. The selective passivation layer is generally formed on regions of the substrate adjacent to the structure but generally not within the recess. The first and second etch processes may be the same or different.
申请日：2007-12-13
申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; SHEN Meihua; CHEN Rong; WILLIAMS Scott M
358、PLASMA IMMERSED ION IMPLANTATION PROCESS
摘要：Methods for implanting ions into a substrate by a plasma immersion ion implanting process are provided. In one embodiment,  the method for implanting ions into a substrate by a plasma immersion ion implantation process includes providing a substrate into a processing chamber,  supplying a gas mixture including a reacting gas and a reducing gas into the chamber,  and implanting ions from the gas mixture into the substrate. In another embodiment,  the method includes providing a substrate into a processing chamber,  supplying a gas mixture including reacting gas and a hydrogen containing reducing gas into the chamber,  and implanting ions from the gas mixture into the substrate.
申请日：2007-12-07
申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; LI Shijian; RAMASWAMY Kartik; GALLO Biagio; LEE Dong Hyung; FOAD Majeed A
359、COMPOSITES AND METHODS FOR INHIBITION OF THE PROTEIN INTERACTION BCL WITH LINKING PARTNERS
摘要：One aspect of the present invention relates to heterocyclic compounds that bind to bcl proteins and inhibit Bcl function. Another aspect of the present invention relates to compositions comprising a heterocyclic compound of the invention. The present invention provides methods for treating and modulating disorders associated with hyperproliferation,  such as cancer.
申请日：2007-11-14
申请人：INFINITY DISCOVERY INC
360、COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR INHIBITING THE INTERACTION OF BCL PROTEINS WITH BINDING PARTNERS
摘要：One aspect of the present invention relates to heterocyclic compounds that bind to bcl proteins and inhibit BcI function. Another aspect of the present invention relates to compositions comprising a heterocyclic compound of the invention. The present invention provides methods for treating and modulating disorders associated with hyperproliferation,  such as cancer.
申请日：2007-11-14
申请人：INFINITY DISCOVERY INC; CASTRO Alfredo C; HOLSON Edward B; HOPKINS Brian T; KONEY Nii O; SNYDER Daniel A; TIBBITTS Thomas T
361、METHODS OF INHIBITING CELL DEATH OR INFLAMMATION IN A MAMMAL
摘要：Methods are provided for inhibiting cell death or inflammation in a mammal concurrent with or after the onset of a condition expected to lead to cell death or inflammation. The methods each include the step of administering to a mammal a Bcl protein in an amount sufficient to inhibit cell death or inflammation in the mammal. Methods are also provided for identifying a Bcl protein that inhibits cell death or inflammation when administered to a mammal concurrent with or after the onset of a condition expected to lead to cell death or inflammation.
申请日：2007-11-08
申请人：UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON; HARLAN John M; WINN Robert K
362、Three-dimensional localization,  display,  recording,  and analysis of electrical activity in the cerebral cortex
摘要：The present invention describes a method and apparatus to localize the electrical signals measured from a subject' s scalp surface,  preferably in near-real time,  and to generate dynamic three-dimensional information of the electrical activity occurring within the cerebral cortex of the brain. In the preferred embodiment,  it can produce images that can be immediately inspected and analyzed by an operator in near-real time,  resulting in a powerful new cortical imaging modality,  which we denote as Dynamic Electrocortical Imaging (DECI). The present invention involves the use of a computer,  an electroencephalographic (EEG) amplifier,  EEG electrodes,  and custom software. It can measure healthy and diseased cortical events and states in both conscious and unconscious subjects. This is useful,  as it allows for the diagnosis,  monitoring and treatment of cortical disorders,  while also furthering the understanding of the human brain and lending use to additional non-medical applications such as in entertainment,  education,  lie-detection and industry. The invention in one embodiment is implemented using software in conjunction with readily available EEG hardware. Furthermore,  this same method can be applied to pre-existing data and when doing so,  EEG hardware is not required. Having a practical near-real time 3D imaging system brings a far more accessible technology to doctors,  researchers,  individuals,  and private clinics to better diagnose,  monitor,  treat and understand many of the conditions and abnormalities of the brain.
申请日：2007-10-31
申请人：Mark S Doidge; Joseph D Mocanu
363、METHOD TO DEAL WITH CANCER BEING PRESENTED MUTATIONS THE EGFR
摘要：The present invention relates to a method of treatment of patients suffering from cancer and harboring mutations of EGFR in the tumor,  for instance an activating mutation of the EGFR or a mutation responsible for resistance or the emergence of acquired resistance to treatment with reversible EGFR and/or HER2 inhibitors or irreversible inhibitors such as CI-1033,  EKB-569,  HKI-272 or HKI-357,  comprising administering an effective amount of the irreversible EGFR inhibitor BIBW2992 (1) 4-[(3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)amino]-6-{[4-(N, N-dimethylamino)-1-oxo-2-buten-1-yl]amino}-7-((S)-tetrahydrofuran-3-yloxy)-quinazoline,  to a person in need of such treatment,  optionally in combination with the administration of a further chemotherapeutic agent,  in combination with radiotherapy,  radio-immunotherapy and/or tumor resection by surgery,  and to the use of a BIBW 2992 (1) for preparing a pharmaceutical composition for the treatment of patients suffering from cancer and harboring mutations of EGFR in the tumor.
申请日：2007-09-14
申请人：BOEHRINGER INGELHEIM INT
364、METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR DRY ETCHING A HAFNIUM CONTAINING MATERIAL
摘要：A method and system for etching a hafnium containing material using a boron tri-chloride (BCI3) based process chemistry is described. A substrate having a hafnium containing layer,  such as a layer of hafnium dioxide (HfO2) is subjected a dry etching process comprising BCI3 and an additive gas including :  an oxygen-containing gas,  such as O2;  or a nitrogen-containing gas,  such as N2;  or a hydrocarbon gas (CxHy),  such as CH4;  or a combination of two or more thereof.
申请日：2007-09-12
申请人：TOKYO ELECTRON LIMITED; FERNANDEZ Luis Isidro; URAKAWA Masafumi
365、TREATMENT OF MYEOPROLIFERATIVE DISEASES
摘要：Methods of reducing the number of platelets in mammals and preventing or treating pro-thrombotic conditions and diseases that are characterized by an excess of,  or undesired activation of,  platelets using inhibitors of anti apoptotic Bcl-2 family protein members is disclosed.
申请日：2007-09-05
申请人：ABBOTT LABORATORIES; ELMORE Steven W; ROSENBERG Saul; GORDON Gary
366、BREAST CANCER-ASSOCIATED GENE,  MELK,  AND ITS INTERACTIONS WITH BCL-G
摘要：The present invention relates to the discovery that MELK,  a human maternal embryonic leucine zipper kinase,  is involved in cell growth of breast cancers through interaction with Bcl-G,  a pro-apoptotic member of Bcl-2 family. In particular,  the binding and phosphorylation of Bcl-G by MELK is described herein. As MELK has been shown to be overexpressed in breast,  bladder and lung cancer,  it appears that it may be a promising molecular target for the treatment and prevention of various types of cancer. Accordingly,  objective screening methods for identifying therapeutic agents useful in the treatment of cancer,  e.g.,  breast cancer,  bladder cancer,  and lung cancer,  that use the interaction of MELK and Bcl-G as an index are described herein. The present invention also provides therapeutic agents or methods for treating cancer using the polypeptides. The polypeptides of the present invention are composed of an amino acid sequence which comprises polypeptide which comprises SEQ ID NO :  39. The polypeptides of the present invention can be introduced into cancer cells by modifying the polypeptides with transfection agents such as poly-arginine.
申请日：2007-08-23
申请人：ONCOTHERAPY SCIENCE INC; THE UNIVERSITY OF TOKYO; NAKAMURA Yusuke; KATAGIRI Toyomasa; NAKATSURU Shuichi
367、COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR INHIBITING THE INTERACTION OF BCL PROTEINS WITH BINDING PARTNERS
摘要：The invention relates to isoxazolidine containing compounds that bind to bcl proteins and inhibit BcI function. The compounds may be used for treating and modulating disorders associated with hyperproliferation,  such as cancer.
申请日：2007-08-21
申请人：INFINITY DISCOVERY INC; CASTRO Alfredo C; DEPEW Kristopher M; GROGAN Michael J; HOLSON Edward B; HOPKINS Brian T; JOHANNES Charles W; KEANEY Gregg F; KONEY Nii O; LIU Tao; MANN David A; NEVALAINEN Marta; PELUSO Stephane; PEREZ Lawrence Blas; SNYDER Daniel A; TIBBITTS Thomas T
368、IMAGE GAMUT MAPPING
摘要：A method of gamut mapping maps an input image composed of pixels and having an input gamut (IG) defined by input RGB primaries (Ri,  Gi,  Bi) to a reproduction gamut (RG) defined by reproduction RGB primaries (Ro,  Go,  Bo). The reproduction gamut (RG) is narrower than the input gamut (IG). An input signal (RGBin) defined with respect to the input RGB primaries (Ri,  Gi,  Bi) is color transformed (1) into a transformed signal (RGBt) defined with respect to the reproduction RGB primaries (Ro,  Go,  Bo),  whereby color information of the pixels (P1,  P2,  P3) within the reproduction gamut (RG) is preserved. Scaling factors (SFi) indicating a distance between on the one hand pixels (P1,  P2,  P3) of the transformed signal (RGBt) which are outside the reproduction gamut (RG),  and on the other hand an edge of the reproduction gamut (RG) are determined (2). The scaling factors (SFi) of pixels (P1,  P2,  P3) of the transformed signal (RGBt) are spatial low-pass filtered (3) to obtain filtered factors (FFi) for these pixels (P1,  P2,  P3). Component signal values of the transformed signal (RGBt) of the pixels (P1,  P2,  P3) are corrected (4) in response to the filtered factors (FFi) to obtain reproduction signal values (RGBo) which are input values (RGBi) moved towards inside the reproduction gamut (RG).
申请日：2007-08-13
申请人：KONINKLIJKE PHILIPS ELECTRONICS N V
369、IMAGE GAMUT MAPPING
摘要：A method of gamut mapping maps an input image composed of pixels and having an input gamut (IG) defined by input RGB primaries (Ri,  Gi,  Bi) to a reproduction gamut (RG) defined by reproduction RGB primaries (Ro,  Go,  Bo). The reproduction gamut (RG) is narrower than the input gamut (IG). An input signal (RGBin) defined with respect to the input RGB primaries (Ri,  Gi,  Bi) is color transformed (1) into a transformed signal (RGBt) defined with respect to the reproduction RGB primaries (Ro,  Go,  Bo),  whereby color information of the pixels (Pl,  P2,  P3) within the reproduction gamut (RG) is preserved. Scaling factors (SFi) indicating a distance between on the one hand pixels (Pl,  P2,  P3) of the transformed signal (RGBt) which are outside the reproduction gamut (RG),  and on the other hand an edge of the reproduction gamut (RG) are determined (2). The scaling factors (SFi) of pixels (Pl,  P2,  P3) of the transformed signal (RGBt) are spatial low-pass filtered (3) to obtain filtered factors (FFi) for these pixels (Pl,  P2,  P3). Component signal values of the transformed signal (RGBt) of the pixels (Pl,  P2,  P3) are corrected (4) in response to the filtered factors (FFi) to obtain reproduction signal values (RGBo) which are input values (RGBi) moved towards inside the reproduction gamut (RG).
申请日：2007-08-13
申请人：KONINKLIJKE PHILIPS ELECTRONICS N V; MUIJS Remco T J; LANGENDIJK Erno H A
370、METHODS FOR MODULATING APOPTOSIS IN PLATELETS
摘要：The description discloses methods of enhancing or maintaining the viability or lifespan of platelets comprising administering an agent that down modulates apoptosis. The description also discloses a method of decreasing the survival,  lifespan or viability of platelets comprising administering an effective amount of an agent that enhances apoptosis.
申请日：2007-08-10
申请人：THE WALTER AND ELIZA HALL INSTITUTE OF MEDICAL RESEARCH; KILE Benjamin Thomas; HUANG David C S; MASON Kylie D
371、METHODS FOR MODULATING APOPTOSIS IN PLATELETS
摘要：The description discloses methods of enhancing or maintaining the viability or lifespan of platelets comprising administering an agent that down modulates apoptosis. The description also discloses a method of decreasing the survival,  lifespan or viability of platelets comprising administering an effective amount of an agent that enhances apoptosis.
申请日：2007-08-10
申请人：THE WALTER AND ELIZA HALL INSTITUTE OF MEDICAL RESEARCH; KILE Benjamin T; HUANG David C S; MASON Kylie D
372、COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOPTOSIS IN CELLS OVER-EXPRESSING BCL-2 FAMILY MEMBER PROTEINS
摘要：The present invention relates to compounds for modulating apoptosis in cells over expressing Bcl-2 Family member proteins (e.g.,  Bcl-2 or Bcl-xL). The present invention also relates to pharmaceutical compositions containing these compounds,  and methods of using the compounds for treating apoptosis-associated diseases such as,  for example,  neoplastic disease (e.g.,  cancer) or other proliferative diseases associated with the over-expression of a Bcl-2 family member protein.
申请日：2007-08-10
申请人：FRED HUTCHINSON CANCER RESEARCH CENTER; SCHWARTZ Pamela S; MANION Michael K; FRY John S; HOCKENBERY David M
373、METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR ENHANCED HIGH INTENSITY ACOUSTIC WAVES APPLICATION
摘要：According to the invention a method (and corresponding system) of enhancing application of high intensity acoustic waves is provided,  wherein acoustic waves,  e.g. ultrasound,  and a gaseous medium,  e.g. steam,  coincide at a treatment zone. This is achieved by a combination of one or more high intensity acoustic generators and/or reflectors. In this way,  enhanced efficiency in an area of the gaseous medium (or where the gaseous medium is to affect something) is obtained since a second generator or a reflector is located so that the acoustic waves directly influence the gaseous medium.
申请日：2007-07-06
申请人：FORCE TECHNOLOGY; KREBS Niels; LANGKJÆR Carsten
374、EFFICIENT SYNTHESIS OF CHELATORS FOR NUCLEAR IMAGING AND RADIOTHERAPY :  COMPOSITIONS AND APPLICATIONS
摘要：Novel methods of synthesis of chelator-targeting ligand conjugates,  compositions comprising such conjugates,  and therapeutic and diagnostic applications of such conjugates are disclosed. The compositions include chelator-targeting ligand conjugates optionally chelated to one or more metal ions. Methods of synthesizing these compositions in high purity are also presented. Also disclosed are methods of imaging,  treating and diagnosing disease in a subject using these novel compositions,  such as methods of imaging a tumor within a subject and methods of diagnosing myocardial ischemia.
申请日：2007-07-02
申请人：THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS SYSTEM; YANG David J; YU Dongfang
375、ELECTROPHYSIOLOGICAL SENSOR
摘要：The sensor comprises a plurality of conducting nanostructures (2) which can transmit an electrical signal captured from the skin or from another part of an organic tissue to a transmitter means (4,  7) for transmitting said signal,  wherein said nanostructures adopt a rigid filiform configuration and are connected at one end to a conducting substrate (3) coupled to said transmitter means (4,  7),  said nanostructures being operable to penetrate,  by their free end,  in said organic tissue (6),  as needles.
申请日：2007-06-29
申请人：Starlab Barcelona SL
376、ULTRASHALLOW SEMICONDUCTOR CONTACT BY OUTDIFFUSION FROM A SOLID SOURCE
摘要：The surface of a conductive layer such as a conductive nitride,  a conductive suicide,  a metal,  or metal alloy or compound,  is exposed to a dopant gas which provides an n-type or p-type dopant. The dopant gas may be included in a plasma. Semiconductor material,  such as silicon,  germanium,  or their alloys,  is deposited directly on the surface which has been exposed to the dopant gas. During and subsequent to deposition,  dopant atoms diffuse into the deposited semiconductor,  forming a thin heavily doped region and making a good ohmic contact between the semiconductor material and the underlying conductive layer.
申请日：2007-06-29
申请人：SANDISK 3D LLC; HERNER S Brad; RADIGAN Steven J
377、Method for computer-aided prediction of intended movements
摘要：Method and device for computer-aided prediction of intended movements from neuronal signals of a brain,  wherein the neuronal signals are each associated in the brain with intended movements,  wherein neuronal signals are recorded and the most probable movements are determined from these,  specifically using a predetermined model in which a recorded neuronal signal and a determined movement are assigned to each other,  and,  for the probability with which a recorded neuronal signal corresponds to a respective predetermined movement,  a predetermined distribution is assumed that is defined by specific characteristic values,  wherein an adaptation of the neuronal signal is included in the predetermined model.
申请日：2007-06-22
申请人：UNIV ALBERT LUDWIGS FREIBURG
378、CANCER THERAPY USING BCL-XL-SPECIFIC SINA
摘要：The invention relates to a double-stranded short interfering nucleic acid (siNA) molecule specific to the Bcl-XL transcript,  comprising a sense and an antisense region,  wherein the sense region comprises the nucleotide sequence SEQ ID NO :  1 or a sequence having at least 70 % identity,  preferably at least 80 % identity,  more preferably at least 90 % identity with said sequence,  and the antisense region comprises a nucleotide sequence that is complementary to the sense region,  and its use for treating cancer.
申请日：2007-06-22
申请人：CENTRE REGIONAL DE LUTTE CONTRE LE CANCER CENTRE FRANCOIS BACLESSE; POULAIN Laurent; GAUDUCHON Pascal; BROTIN Emilie; SAISON BEHMOARAS Ester
379、Method for analyzing function of the brain and other complex systems
摘要：A method and system are provided for analyzing electromagnetic brain signals such as EEG and ECoG signals in a subject in real time and which avoids the need for time-intensive retrospective analysis of brain activity in the subject. This can be applied to all complex systems with multiple fluctuating signals to identify and predict significant events.
申请日：2007-06-13
申请人：Washington University
380、BRAIN STIMULATION AND REHABILITATION FIELD OF THE INVENTION
摘要：A method of rehabilitation management,  comprising :  providing a plurality of patients fitted with sensors;  assigning tasks to said patients by a therapist;  rehabilitating said patients not under the direct attention of said therapist;  and monitoring the rehabilitating using data acquired by the sensors during performance of the tasks.
申请日：2007-05-31
申请人：TYLERTON INTERNATIONAL INC; EINAV Haim; EINAV Omer; KORENMAN Ernesto; FARAN Samuel; LIFSHITZ Amir; BETSER Sagit; OYZERMAN Anna; MAHONEY Richard M
381、METHOD AND DEVICE FOR THE RECORDING,  LOCALIZATION AND STIMULATION-BASED MAPPING OF EPILEPTIC SEIZURES AND BRAIN FUNCTION UTILIZING THE INTRACRANIAL AND EXTRACRANIAL CEREBRAL VASCULATURE AND/OR CENTRAL AND/OR PERIPHERAL NERVOUS SYSTEM
摘要：Principles from the analogous field of cardiac electrophysiology are translated to neuro electrophysiology whereby electrically competent catheters and introducing devices are threaded intravascularly through large vessel access (e.g.,  leg or arm) into the arterial or more typically the venous system to or within the brain tissue,  possibly targeting a specific region that needs to be functionally mapped. After passive recording and mapping of important activity exactly to a 3-dimensional,  high resolution brain image taken either before or during the procedure,  electrical stimulation paradigms are triggered to both evoke responses to help map regions vital to the epileptic network or pathologically functioning networks in other neurological and/or psychiatric conditions,  and then to map brain function in specific regions during motor,  sensory,  emotional,  psychiatric and cognitive testing,  in order to localize these functions in relation to the epileptic network. Once this pathological and functional map has been created,  clinicians can then either proceed to :  (1) subdural and intraparenchymal electrode placement,  for chronic ictal recording,  based upon the maps,  (2) use of the catheter-based system to ablate regions vital to generating seizures,  using either electrical stimulation or another therapy,  (3) placement or chronic electrodes,  effector devices,  drugs,  sensors,  etc. to be used as part of an implantable diagnostic/therapeutic device,  and/or (4) more chronic diagnostic recording by leaving behind other sensors. Principles for chronic monitoring and activating implantable devices are implemented using acutely or chronically placed sensors on,  within or around tissues electrically coupled to and not in contact with the brain to work in concert with devices focused on diagnosis and/or treatment of syncope,  epilepsy,  and other neurological and psychiatric disorders.
申请日：2007-05-22
申请人：The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania; BioQuantix Corporation
382、METHOD AND DEVICE FOR THE RECORDING,  LOCALIZATION AND STIMULATION-BASED MAPPING OF EPILEPTIC SEIZURES AND BRAIN FUNCTION UTILIZING THE INTRACRANIAL AND EXTRACRANIAL CEREBRAL VASULATURE AND/OR CENTRAL AND/OR PERIPHERAL NERVOUS SYSTEM
摘要：Principles from the analogous field of cardiac electrophysiology are translated to neuro electrophysiology whereby electrically competent catheters and introducing devices are threaded intravascularly through large vessel access {e.g.,  leg or arm) into the arterial or more typically the venous system to or within the brain tissue,  possibly targeting a specific region that needs to be functionally mapped. After passive recording and mapping of important activity exactly to a 3- dimensional,  high resolution brain image taken either before or during the procedure,  electrical stimulation paradigms are triggered to both evoke responses to help map regions vital to the epileptic network or pathologically functioning networks in other neurological and/ or psychiatric conditions,  and then to map brain function in specific regions during motor,  sensory,  emotional,  psychiatric and cognitive testing,  in order to localize these functions in relation to the epileptic network. Once this pathological and functional map has been created,  clinicians can then either proceed to :  (1) subdural and intraparenchymal electrode placement,  for chronic ictal recording,  based upon the maps,  (2) use of the catheter-based system to ablate regions vital to generating seizures,  using either electrical stimulation or another therapy,  (3) placement or chronic electrodes,  effector devices,  drugs,  sensors,  etc. to be used as part of an implantable diagnostic/therapeutic device,  and/or (4) more chronic diagnostic recording by leaving behind other sensors. Principles for chronic monitoring and activating implantable devices are implemented using acutely or chronically placed sensors on,  within or around tissues electrically coupled to and not in contact with the brain to work in concert with devices focused on diagnosis and/or treatment of syncope,  epilepsy,  and other neurological and psychiatric disorders.
申请日：2007-05-22
申请人：THE TRUSTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA; BIOQUANTIX CORP; LITT Brian; ECHAUZ Javier Ramon
383、METHOD FOR PRODUCING FERTILE CROSSES BETWEEN WILD AND DOMESTIC SOYBEAN SPECIES
摘要：Methods for producing hybrids between domestic and wild soybean that are fertile and can be further bred with other soybean plants are provided,  thus allowing transfer of desirable traits and genes from the wild soybean into the domestic soybean. This invention also provides novel media for producing callus and multiple somatic embryos,  as well as novel media for producing multiple shoots from the embryos. The hybrid plants are made fertile by colchicine treatment to double their chromosome number so that they can be backcrossed into domestic soybean. These methods and media allow the production of elite soybean lines containing traits or genes from wild soybean as well as a minimum amount of additional wild soybean DNA. Backcrosses containing only one wild soybean chromosome can be produced,  as well as sets of such backcrossed lines that each contain one chromosome from the wild ancestor,  but collectively all the wild chromosomes from the hybrid ancestor. Plants and plant progeny and plant tissue (tissue including seeds) of plants produced by the foregoing methods are also provided. The methods do not require genetic modification,  and thus this invention allows production of domestic soybean plants that are not genetically modified organisms (non-GMO) but that express desirable traits derived from wild soybean.
申请日：2007-04-20
申请人：THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS; SINGH Ram J
384、DETECTION OF CANCER BY ELEVATED LEVELS OF BCL-2
摘要：The present invention relates to a method for the diagnosis,  prognosis,  and monitoring of cancer,  such as early or late stage ovarian cancer,  in a subject by detecting Bcl-2 in a biological sample from the subject,  preferably a urine or blood sample. Bcl-2 may be measured using an agent that detects or binds to Bcl-2 protein or an agent that detects or binds to encoding nucleic acids,  such as antibodies specifically reactive with Bcl-2 protein or a portion thereof. The invention further relates to kits for carrying out the methods of the invention. The invention further relates to a device for the rapid detection of Bcl-2 in a bodily fluid and methods for rapidly measuring Bcl-2 in a bodily fluid.
申请日：2007-02-09
申请人：UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA; KRUK Patricia A
385、Software,  system and method for computer based assessing of health insurance risk profiles for a group seeking health insurance and providing a composite insurance policy
摘要：The present invention provides a computer system including software with computer implemented methods for assessing health insurance risk profiles for a company group and for its individual employees,  which system provides methods for assigning the appropriate health insurance costs and/or rates for the company group. In a preferred aspect,  the software and methods provide an improved way to manage and control medical costs through lower administration and sales costs. The present invention further relates to electronic commerce in general,  and,  more particularly,  to a computer implemented data processing system that provides an efficient market for the provision of insurance directly to those seeking insurance by an online computer insurance brokerage,  rating and underwriting service that is combined with carrier and/or third party provider services and which may optionally avoid the need for those seeking such insurance to utilize a broker/agent/consultant.
申请日：2007-02-06
申请人：DONNELLI ROBERT M
386、SOFTWARE,  SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR COMPUTER BASED ASSESSING OF HEALTH INSURANCE RISK PROFILES FOR A GROUP SEEKING HEALTH INSURANCE AND PROVIDING A COMPOSITE INSURANCE POLICY
摘要：The present invention provides a computer system including software with computer implemented methods for assessing health insurance risk profiles for a company group and for its individual employees,  which system provides methods for assigning the appropriate health insurance costs and/or rates for the company group. In a preferred aspect,  the software and methods provide an improved way to manage and control medical costs through lower administration and sales costs. The present invention further relates to electronic commerce in general,  and,  more particularly,  to a computer implemented data processing system that provides an efficient market for the provision of insurance directly to those seeking insurance by an online computer insurance brokerage,  rating and underwriting service that is combined with carrier and/or third party provider services and which may optionally avoid the need for those seeking such insurance to utilize a broker/agent/consultant.
申请日：2007-02-06
申请人：DONNELLI Robert M
387、FRAME FOR MOUNTING A LIFT DEVICE FOR A VIDEO DISPLAY IN AN ARTICLE OF FURNITURE
摘要：A frame for mounting a lift apparatus for a video display in an article of furniture. The frame includes an elongate upper member,  an elongate lower member,  as elongate connecting member.,  and lift mounting elements. The elongate upper member has opposite ends and s substantial mid-region.. The elongate lower member extends substantially parallel to the upper elongate member and has opposite ends and. a substantial mid-region. The elongate connecting member lias opposite end portions affixed to the upper and lower elongate .members at regions offset from the substantial mid-regions thereof. The lift mounting elements are provided on. the upper and lower elongate members si the substantial mid-regions thereof for mounting a lift apparatus to the upper and lower elongate members at the substantial mid-regions thereof. The upper and lower elongate members are spaced from each other a distance suflsoleni to enable a lift apparatus to be passed from one side of the frame to tbe oilier and the connecting member is spaced from the snbstantiai mid-region of tbe upper and lower members a distance sufficient to enable a lift,  apparatus to be mounted to die upper and lower elongate members at their substantial mid-regions. Other embodiments of the invention include a subassembly forming a component to be incorporated into an srtick of furniture containing lift apparatus for a video display and a kit for mounting a ilfi apparatus for a video display in an article of furniture.
申请日：2007-01-03
申请人：BOBER Wieslaw
388、TITANIUM BORIDE
摘要：A titanium metal or a titanium alloy having submicron titanium boride substantially uniformly dispersed therein and a method of making same is disclosed. Ti power of Ti alloy powder has dispersed within the particles forming the powder titanum boride which is other than whisker-shaped or spherical substantially uniformly dispersed therein.
申请日：2006-10-06
申请人：INTERNATIONAL TITANIUM POWDER LLC; JACOBSEN Lance; BENISH Adam John
389、APPARATUS AND PROCESS FOR SURFACE TREATMENT OF SUBSTRATE USING AN ACTIVATED REACTIVE GAS
摘要：An apparatus and process for treating at least a portion of the surface of a substrate is described herein. In one aspect,  the apparatus a processing chamber comprising an inner volume,  the substrate,  and an exhaust manifold;  an activated reactive gas supply source wherein a process gas comprising one or more reactive gases and optionally an additive gas is activated by one or more energy sources to provide the activated reactive gas;  and a distribution conduit,  which is in fluid communication with the inner volume and the supply source,  comprising :  a plurality of openings that direct the activated reactive gas into the inner volume,  wherein the activated reactive gas contacts the surface and provides a spent activated reactive gas and/or volatile products that are withdrawn from the inner volume through the exhaust manifold.
申请日：2006-09-13
申请人：AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS INC; GARG Diwakar; KROUSE Steven Arnold; ROBERTSON Eric Anthony III; MA Pingping
390、Early media service control
摘要：A method of operating a communication network comprises receiving a call setup request from a calling party in a calling network to a called party in the communication network wherein the call requires an early media service provided by a service network to the called party,  forwarding the call setup request to the service network wherein the service network returns a first call setup response in response to the call setup request,  and generating a second call setup response and transmitting the second call setup response to the calling network wherein the calling network generates and transmits a call setup instruction to the calling party in response to the second call setup request.
申请日：2006-08-28
申请人：Sprint Communications Company L P
391、IMPROVED METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR INCREASING LONGEVITY AND PROTEIN YIELD FROM A CELL CULTURE
摘要：Disclosed are compositions and methods for increasing the longevity of a cell culture and permitting the increased production of proteins,  preferably recombinant proteins,  such as antibodies,  peptides,  enzymes,  growth factors,  interleukins,  interferons,  hormones,  and vaccines. Cells transfected with an apoptosis-inhibiting gene or vector,  such as a triple mutant Bcl-2 gene,  can survive longer in culture,  resulting in extension of the state and yield of protein biosynthesis. Such transfected cells exhibit maximal cell densities that equal or exceed the maximal density achieved by the parent cell lines. Transfected cells can also be pre-adapted for growth in serum-free medium,  greatly decreasing the time required to obtain protein production in serum-free medium. In certain methods,  the pre-adapted cells can be used for protein production following transformation under serum-free conditions. The method preferably involves eukaryotic cells,  more preferably mammalian cells.
申请日：2006-07-14
申请人：IMMUNOMEDICS INC; NORDSTROM Diane; GOLDENBERG David M; QU Zhengxing; CHANG Chien Hsing; ROSSI Edward A; YANG Jeng Dar
392、MAN/MACHINE INTERFACE DEVICE AND METHOD
摘要：The invention relates to a man/machine interface method consisting in :  generating physical interactions with active zones (10) belonging to an interface object (5),  said active zones being associated with pre-determined information;  detecting the active zones in which the interactions took place by measuring at least one physical quantity;  and associating each detected interaction with the corresponding pre-determined information. According to the invention,  the active zones are defined for a pre-determined finite time and subsequently deactivated at the end of said time. Moreover,  when interactions with the interface object are detected while the active zones are deactivated,  the active zones are automatically redefined as a function of the first detected interactions.? KIPO & WIPO 2007
申请日：2006-07-03
申请人：SENSITIVE OBJECT
393、CANCER THERAPY USING BcI-XL-SPECIFIC siNA
摘要：The invention relates to a double-stranded short interfering nucleic acid (siNA) molecule specific to the BcI-XL transcript,  comprising a sense and an antisense region,  wherein the sense region comprises the nucleotide sequence SEQ ID NO :  1 or a sequence having at least 70 % identity,  preferably at least 80 % identity,  more preferably at least 90 % identity with said sequence,  and the antisense region comprises a nucleotide sequence that is complementary to the sense region,  and its use for treating cancer.
申请日：2006-06-26
申请人：CENTRE REGIONAL DE LUTTE CONTRE LE CANCER CENTRE FRANCOIS BACLESSE; POULAIN Laurent; GAUDUCHON Pascal; BROTIN Emilie; SAISON BEHMOARAS Ester
394、INTERRUPTED DEPOSITION PROCESS FOR SELECTIVE DEPOSITION OF SI-CONTAINING FILMS
摘要：A method is provided for selectively forming a Si-containing film on a substrate in an interrupted deposition process. The method includes providing a substrate containing a growth surface and a non-growth surface,  and selectively forming the Si-containing film on the growth surface by exposing the substrate to HX gas while simultaneously exposing the substrate to a pulse of chlorinated silane gas. The Si-containing film can be a Si film or a SiGe film that is selectively formed on a Si or SiGe growth surface but not on an oxide,  nitride,  or oxynitride non-growth surface.
申请日：2006-06-22
申请人：TOKYO ELECTRON LIMITED; DIP Anthony; OH Seungho; LEITH Allen John
395、JOINT MOVEMENT SYSTEM
摘要：Systems,  methods and devices for restoring or enhancing one or more motor functions of a patient are disclosed. The system comprises a biological interface apparatus and a joint movement device such as an exoskeleton device or FES device. The biological interface apparatus includes a sensor that detects the multicellular signals and a processing unit for producing a control signal based on the multicellular signals. Data from the joint movement device is transmitted to the processing unit for determining a value of a configuration parameter of the system. Also disclosed is a joint movement device including a flexible structure for applying force to one or more patient joints,  and controlled cables that produce the forces required.
申请日：2005-12-30
申请人：CYBERKINETICS NEUROTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS INC; FLAHERTY J Christopher; FLAHERTY R Maxwell; FRIEHS Gerhard M; SERRUYA Mijail D; BARRETT Burke T; DONOGHUE John P
396、Neurally controlled patient ambulation system
摘要：Various embodiments of an ambulation system and a movement assist system are disclosed. For example,  an ambulation system for a patient may comprise a biological interface apparatus and an ambulation assist apparatus. The biological interface apparatus may comprise a sensor having a plurality of electrodes for detecting multicellular signals,  a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor,  process the multicellular signals to produce a processed signal,  and transmit the processed signal to a controlled device. The ambulation assist apparatus may comprise a rigid structure configured to provide support between a portion of the patient' s body and a surface. Data may be transferred from the ambulation assist apparatus to the biological interface apparatus.
申请日：2005-12-29
申请人：FLAHERTY J C; SERRUYA MIJAIL D
397、Limb and digit movement system
摘要：Systems,  methods and devices for restoring or enhancing one or more motor functions of a patient are disclosed. The system comprises a biological interface apparatus and a joint movement device such as an exoskeleton device or FES device. The biological interface apparatus includes a sensor that detects the multicellular signals and a processing unit for producing a control signal based on the multicellular signals. Data from the joint movement device is transmitted to the processing unit for determining a value of a configuration parameter of the system. Also disclosed is a joint movement device including a flexible structure for applying force to one or more patient joints,  and controlled cables that produce the forces required.
申请日：2005-12-29
申请人：FLAHERTY J C; FLAHERTY R M; SERRUYA MIJAIL D; BARRETT BURKE T; FRIEHS GERHARD M
398、Multi-device patient ambulation system
摘要：Various embodiments of an ambulation and movement assist system are disclosed. For example,  an ambulation system for a patient may comprise an exoskeleton device attached to the patient,  an FES device at least partially implanted in the patient,  and a biological interface apparatus. The biological interface apparatus comprises a sensor having a plurality of electrodes for detecting multicellular signals,  a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor,  process the multicellular signals to produce a processed signal,  and transmit the processed signal to a controlled device. At least one of the exoskeleton device and the FES device is the controlled device of the biological interface apparatus.
申请日：2005-12-29
申请人：FLAHERTY J C; SERRUYA MIJAIL D; DONOGHUE JOHN P
399、NEURALLY CONTROLLED AND MULTI-DEVICE PATIENT AMBULATION SYSTEMS AND RELATED METHODS
摘要：Various embodiments of an ambulation system and a movement assist system are disclosed. For example,  an ambulation system for a patient may comprise a biological interface apparatus and an ambulation assist apparatus. The biological interface apparatus may comprise a sensor having a plurality of electrodes for detecting multicellular signals,  a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor,  process the multicellular signals to produce a processed signal,  and transmit the processed signal to a controlled device. The ambulation assist apparatus may comprise a rigid structure configured to provide support between a portion of the patient' s body and a surface. Data may be transferred from the ambulation assist apparatus to the biological interface apparatus.
申请日：2005-12-29
申请人：CYBERKINETICS NEUROTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS INC; FLAHERTY Christopher J; SERRUYA Mijail D; DONOGHUE John P
400、PATIENT TRAINING ROUTINE FOR BIOLOGICAL INTERFACE SYSTEM
摘要：Various embodiments of a biological interface system and related methods are disclosed. The system may comprise a sensor comprising a plurality of electrodes for detecting multicellular signals emanating from one or more living cells of a patient and a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor and process the multicellular signals to produce a processed signal. The processing unit may be configured to transmit the processed signal to a controlled device that is configured to receive the processed signal. The system is configured to perform an integrated patient training routine to generate one or more system configuration parameters that are used by the processing unit to produce the processed signal.
申请日：2005-12-23
申请人：CYBERKINETICS NEUROTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS INC; FLAHERTY Christopher J; SERRUYA Mijail D; MORRIS Daniel S; CAPLAN Abraham H; SALEH Maryam; DONOGHUE John P
401、Interface system for robot and a sensor signal interface device using the same
摘要：PROBLEM TO BE SOLVED :  To eliminate the need for a lead wire etc. for sending measurement data from a sensor to a transmitter,  and to unnecessitate to provide a battery on a circuit of a sensor etc.  SOLUTION :  On a flexible sheet which can be deformed freely along the surface of the skin,  a myoelectric sensor,  a signal processing part,  a wireless tag (RFID) communication part and an antenna coil are arranged. Thus,  even if shape change occurs at a site of an electrode for lead-through with expansion/contraction of a muscle,  the sheet is deformed according to the shape change to allow the electrode to closely adhere to the surface of the skin,  so that an artificial hand etc. are controlled while closely adhering to the surface of the skin of a user (operator),  resulting in improving measuring sensitivity of the myoelectric signal. Through the RFID communication part,  measuring data of the myoelectric signal are transmitted in real time,  and power can be received from outside simultaneously. Thus,  power can be supplied to the myoelectric sensor,  the signal processing part and the wireless tag (RFID) communication part,  so that a battery device is not necessitated inside of a sensor signal interface device.  COPYRIGHT :  (C)2007, JPO&INPIT
申请日：2005-11-01
申请人：KYOKKO DENKI KK
402、BIOLOGICAL INTERFACE SYSTEM
摘要：A system and method for an improved biological interface system that processes multicellular signals of a patient and controls one or more devices is disclosed. The system includes a sensor that detects the multicellular signals and a processing unit for producing the control signal based on the multicellular signals. The system may include improved communication,  self-diagnostics,  and surgical insertion tools.
申请日：2005-10-03
申请人：CYBERKINETICS NEUROTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS INC; FLAHERTY J Christopher; BARRETT Burke T; DONOGHUE John Phillip; VAN WAGENEN Richard A; SMITH Christopher; PUNGOR Andras; DECARIA Christine; BRANNER Almut; HARVEY Nephi; MISENER Anthony K; GUILLORY K Shane; JOSEPH Jon P
403、BIOLOGICAL INTERFACE SYSTEMS WITH CONTROLLED DEVICE SELECTOR AND RELATED METHODS
摘要：Various embodiments of a biological interface system and their related methods are disclosed. In one embodiment,  a biological interface system may include a sensor including a plurality of electrodes configured to detect multicellular signals emanating from one or more living cells of a patient and a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor and to process the multicellular signals to produce processed signals. The system may also include a plurality of controlled devices each configured to receive the processed signals. The plurality of controlled devices include at least a first controlled device and a second controlled device. The system may include a selector module usable by an operator and being configured to select which of the first and second controlled devices is to be controlled by the processed signals. In another embodiment,  the processing unit may include a processing unit first portion and a processing unit second portion,  where the processing unit first portion is implanted under the scalp on the skull of the patient,  and the processing unit second portion is placed above the scalp of the patient at a location proximal to the processing unit first portion.
申请日：2005-08-12
申请人：CYBERKINETICS NEUROTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS INC; SURGENOR Timothy R; DONOGHUE John P; SERRUYA Mijail D; FLAHERTY J Christopher
404、Biological interface systems with controlled device selector and related methods
摘要：Various embodiments of a biological interface system and their related methods are disclosed. A biological interface system may include a sensor including a plurality of electrodes configured to detect multicellular signals emanating from one or more living cells of a patient and a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor and to process the multicellular signals to produce processed signals. The system may also include a plurality of controlled devices each configured to receive the processed signals. The plurality of controlled devices include at least a first controlled device and a second controlled device. The system may include a selector module usable by an operator and being configured to select which of the first and second controlled devices is to be controlled by the processed signals.
申请日：2005-08-11
申请人：SURGENOR TIMOTHY R; DONOGHUE JOHN P; SERRUYA MIJAIL D; FLAHERTY J C
405、Biological interface systems with wireless connection and related methods
摘要：Various embodiments of a biological interface system and their related methods are disclosed. A biological interface system may include a sensor including a plurality of electrodes configured to detect multicellular signals emanating from one or more living cells of a patient and a processing unit configured to receive the multicellular signals from the sensor,  to process the multicellular signals to produce processed signals,  and to transmit the processed signals. The system may also include a controlled device configured to receive the processed signals from the processing unit. The processing unit may include a processing unit first portion and a processing unit second portion,  where the processing unit first portion is implanted under the scalp on the skull of the patient,  and the processing unit second portion is placed above the scalp of the patient at a location proximal to the processing unit first portion.
申请日：2005-08-11
申请人：FLAHERTY J C; DONOGHUE JOHN P
406、BIOLOGICAL INTERFACE SYSTEM WITH CLINICIAN CONFIRMATION OF PARAMETER CHANGES
摘要：A system and method for a biological interface system (100) that processes multicellular signals of a patient (500) and controls an external device (300) is disclosed. The system includes a sensor that detects the multicellular signals and a processing unit for producing the control signal based on the multicellular signals. The system further includes a permission routine that requires an approval of a clinician or other specific operator of the system when specific system parameters are changed. Embedded automatic and semi-automatic calibration and configuration systems are also disclosed.
申请日：2005-07-27
申请人：CYBERKINETICS NEUROTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS INC; FLAHERTY J Christopher; CAPLAN Abraham H; GORMAN William J; MCNALLY Caroline P; SERRUYA Mijail D; DONOGHUE John P
407、Identifying modulators of programmed cell death,  useful for treating cancer,  comprising interacting the motif of beclin protein and anti-apoptotic member of the Bcl-2,  Bcl-XL/Bcl-W protein family
摘要：The invention has as an aim a method of identification of modulators of cellular death programméecomprenant the interaction between a reason for the Beclin protein and an anti-apoptotique member of the family deprotéines Bcl-2 and the detection of this interaction by polarization of fluorescence. Modulateursidentifiés on the basis of the aforesaid the method are managed with the patients reached of cancers in order to induce programmed cellular death of type apoptotic and/or autophagic at the latter. The invention also relates to a reason for the Beclin protein able to interact with membreanti-apoptotique of the family of Bcl-2 proteins and its use to induce,  at the patient atteintd'  a cancer,  programmed cellular death.
申请日：2005-02-01
申请人：SERVIER LAB; HYBRIGENICS SA
408、Procedure for reliable evaluation of complex dynamic systems e.g. ocean currents involves at least artifact minimization,  development optimization,  stability computations,  determination of forthcoming regime changes
摘要：Dynamic [...] and/or measurable expenditure systems generate ("output",  "behaviour"),  often accurate predicting future behaviour only in exceptional cases simplestto over-coincidental the enable immediately.  The present invention provides with a reliability rating present behaviour,  this behaviour ("deployment") decodes,  indices calculated for future behavior and represents the results as input in an appropriate manner and for the specific prognosticating system.
申请日：2004-10-21
申请人：HOLZNER OLIVER; WALTHER HORST
409、Semiconductor device and manufacturing method thereof
摘要：A semiconductor device having high operating performance and reliability,  and a manufacturing method thereof are provided. An LDD region 207 provided in an n-channel TFT 302 forming a driving circuit enhances the tolerance for hot carrier injection. LDD regions 217-220 provided in an n-channel TFT (pixel TFT) 304 forming a pixel portion greatly contribute to the decrease in the OFF current value. Here,  the LDD region of the n-channel TFT of the driving circuit is formed such that the concentration of the n-type impurity element becomes higher as the distance from an adjoining drain region decreases.
申请日：2004-05-25
申请人：Semiconductor Energy Laboratory Co Ltd
410、Low-temperature,  low-resistivity heavily doped P-type polysilicon deposition
摘要：A method to create a low resistivity P+in-situ doped polysilicon film at low temperature from SiH4 and BCl3 with no anneal required. At conventional dopant concentrations using these source gases,  as deposition temperature decreases below about 550 degrees C.,  deposition rate decreases and sheet resistance increases,  making production of a high-quality film impossible. By flowing very high amounts of BCl3,  however,  such that the concentration of boron atoms in the resultant film is about 7×1020 or higher,  the deposition rate and sheet resistance are improved,  and a high-quality film is produced.
申请日：2004-01-30
申请人：HERNER S BRAD; CLARK MARK H
411、Method and system for a real time adaptive system for effecting changes in cognitive-emotive profiles
摘要：A means and method for inducing a temporary physiological state-of-mind to effect persistent changes to the cognitive-emotive profile of an individual,  which is adaptable for neurofeedback and “mental-state” therapeutic and non-therapeutic interventions. The system comprises an EEG Recording Module (ERM),  a Neurodynamics Assessment Module (“NAM”),  and a Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation module (“TMS”) for acquiring and manipulating bioelectrical and/or EEG data,  defining a cognitive-emotive profile,  and mapping the cognitive-emotive profile to selectively control transcranial magnetic stimulation to drive therapeutic and non-therapeutic stimulus interventions. A bi-directional feedback feature is provided to further enhance the performance of the system to effect prolonged changes.
申请日：2003-09-12
申请人：PINEDA JAIME A; ALLISON BRENDAN Z
412、Preparation of a conjugated molecule and materials for use therein
摘要：A method for preparing a conjugated molecule comprising a first monomer coupled to a second monomer,  said method comprising :  (i) linking the first monomer to a solid support via the germanium atom of a germyl linking group;  (ii) coupling the first monomer to the second monomer in a coupling position to form a bound conjugated molecule,  wherein the second monomer has a protecting group in a non-coupling position;   (iii) optionally sequentially coupling a third,  fourth . . . and nth monomer to the second,  third and (n?1)th monomer respectively;  (iv) removing the protecting group;  and (v) ipso-degermylation to release the bound conjugated molecule.
申请日：2003-04-17
申请人：SPIVEY ALAN C; TURNER DAVID J; CARLO CUPERTINO DOMENICO; ANEMIAN REMI M; YEATES STEPHEN G
413、Cells hostesses having improved properties of cellular survival and methods to generate such cells
摘要：The present invention relates to genetically engineered mammalian host cells comprising an enhanced level of active anti-apoptosis genes and methods to generate such host cells. More particularly,  the invention pertains to methods which modulate the level of anti-apoptosis active genes within host cells and to host cells showing an enhanced cell viability by delaying/inhibiting programmed cell death naturally occurring in such cells.
申请日：2003-03-25
申请人：BOEHRINGER INGELHEIM PHARMA
414、Method and system for an intelligent supervisory control system
摘要：An intelligent supervisory control system or neuro-user interface (NUI),  and method that utilize bioelectric state of mind or cognitive profile to control electronic and mechanical resources in an environment,  such as in a 3-D PC or console game,  a simulation or virtual environment,  a cockpit,  automobile,  home,  or surgical theatre. The interface comprises means for acquiring the brain signals of a user or subject,  which are converted into a digital stream and mathematically processed to define an electrical state of the mind or cognitive profile of the user. Incorporating microprocessor-based software and storage facilities,  the interface dynamically maps the cognitive profile onto multiple functions,  which are adaptable for actuating microprocessor commands. In conjunction with other standard input devices such as mouse,  keyboard,  or joystick,  the intelligent supervisory control interface of the present invention thus provides a user with the maximal degrees of freedom for the control of the resources (or electrical and mechanical devices) in the environment.
申请日：2003-02-26
申请人：PINEDA JAIME A; ALLISON BRENDAN Z
415、Automated lung knot segmenting by means of dynamic programming and on EM of based classification
摘要：There is provided a method for automatically segmenting lung nodules in a three-dimensional (3D) Computed Tomography (CT) volume dataset. An input is received corresponding to a user-selected point near a boundary of a nodule. A model is constructed of the nodule from the user-selected point,  the model being a deformable circle having a set of parameters beta that represent a shape of the nodule. Continuous parts of the boundary and discontinuities of the boundary are estimated until the set of parameters beta converges,  using dynamic programming and Expectation Maximization (EM). The nodule is segmented,  based on estimates of the continuous parts of the boundary and the discontinuities of the boundary.
申请日：2002-11-27
申请人：SIEMENS CORP RES INC
416、Method and apparatus for transmitting user data in an HSDPA mobile communication system
摘要：Transmitting user data in an HSDPA (High Speed Downlink Packet Access) mobile communication system by using an FCS (Fast Cell Selection) technique where an RNC (Radio Network Controller) transmits packet data only to a Node B that is best able to transmit data to a UE (User Equipment) on the downlink.
申请日：2002-06-17
申请人：SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS CO LTD
417、New chemical-inducable promoters
摘要：The invention relates to methods for the chemically inducible expression of nucleic acid sequences,   preferably in plants. Said invention also relates to novel chemically inducible promoters,  functional  equivalents and functionally equivalent parts thereof as well as expression cassettes and vectors,  which  contain said promoter sequences. Said invention further relates to transgenic plants,  transformed by means of  the expression cassettes and vectors,  cultures,  parts or a transgenic breeding product derived therefrom and  the use thereof in the production of foodstuffs,  feedstuffs,  seeds,  pharmaceutical and fine chemical products.  Said invention also relates to the use of said expression cassettes and vectors in methods for identifying  substances which are able to induce a pathogen-resistance in plants.
申请日：2001-10-17
申请人：BASF PLANT SCIENCE GMBH
418、Methods of making magnetoresistive memory devices
摘要：The invention includes methods of forming magnetoresistive devices. In one method,  a construction is formed which includes a first magnetic layer,  a non-magnetic layer over the first magnetic layer,  and a second magnetic layer over the non-magnetic layer. A first pattern is extended through the second magnetic layer and to the non-magnetic layer with an etch selective for the material of the second magnetic layer relative to the material of the non-magnetic layer. A dielectric material is formed over the patterned second magnetic layer,  and subsequently a second etch is utilized to extend a second pattern through the non-magnetic layer and at least partway into the first magnetic layer.
申请日：2001-10-04
申请人：Micron Technology Inc
419、Method for forming metal line using the dual damascene process
摘要：PURPOSE :  A method for fabricating a metal interconnection by a dual damascene process is provided to easily embody a fine pattern,  by performing a dual damascene etch method regarding an intermetal dielectric of a low dielectric constant and by greatly reducing the thickness of photoresist.CONSTITUTION :  A diffusion barrier layer and an insulation layer are formed on a lower metal interconnection. A metallic hard mask layer is formed on the insulation layer in an upper metal interconnection formation region. An oxidation hard mask layer having the same height as the metallic hard mask layer is formed in a region except the upper metal interconnection formation region. The metallic head mask layer is selectively etched to open a via hole formation region. A predetermined depth of the insulation layer is firstly etched by using the patterned metallic hard mask layer. The metallic hard mask layer is removed. The insulation layer is selectively etched by using the oxidation hard mask layer so that a via hole to which the lower metal interconnection is exposed and a trench for forming an upper metal interconnection are simultaneously fabricated.? KIPO 2003
申请日：2000-12-28
申请人：HYNIX SEMICONDUCTOR INC
420、Procedure for roughening a semiconductor chip up for optoelectronics
摘要：The use of a plasma etching method for roughening the whole surface of a luminescence diode (1) with a  substrate (2),  made from SiC and an epitaxial layer (3),  made from InGaN is disclosed,  whereby,  in addition to  etching gas components,  polymer components are also used,  by means of which the surface (5,  6,  7,  8) of the  luminescence diode (1) is partly covered with a polymer film. The light yield can be increased by a factor of  2,  by means of the roughening method.
申请日：2000-12-22
申请人：OSRAM OPTO SEMICONDUCTORS GMBH CO OHG
421、Tantalum oxide etching process especially for DRAM capacitor production
摘要：A tantalum oxide etching process employs a boron trichloride-containing reactive gas. A tantalum oxide  etching process comprises :  (a) successively forming a first conductive structure,  a dielectric layer and a  second conductive layer on a semiconductor substrate;  and (b) carrying out photolithographic and etching  operations using a boron trichloride-containing reactive gas for patterning the second conductive layer and the  dielectric layer. Preferred Features :  The reactive gas is a BCl3/Cl2/N2 gas mixture. The dielectric layer is a  Ta2O5 layer covered by a TiN barrier layer and the second conductive layer is a polysilicon layer.
申请日：1998-05-16
申请人：UNITED MICROELECTRONICS CORP HSINCHU; United Microelectronics Corp Hsinchu TWHsinchuTWTW
422、DEVICE FOR PURIFICAR A COMPOSITION AND METHOD TO ELIMINATE AT LEAST AN IMPURITY OF A COMPOSITION
摘要：A system and method for purifying liquefied corrosive gases of metallic impurities is described. The principle for this purification method relies on vapor-phase tansfilling the vapor phase from a source container into a receiving container. This method has been observed to decrease metal concentrations by a factor of at least 1000 and decreases the metallic impurity levels in the resulting condensate. The vapor transfer is accomplished by controlled differential pressure rather than mechanical pumping,  thereby generating no particle or metal impurities.
申请日：1998-02-03
申请人：L' AIR LIQUIDO SOCIETE ANONYME POUR L' ETUDE ET L' EXPLOITATION DES PROCEDES GEORGES CLAUDE
423、PROCESS OF DETERMINATION OF the VIBRATIONS OF the ROTOR Of a REVOLVING MACHINE,  EQUIPMENT FOR REVOLVING MACHINE AND REVOLVING MACHINE EQUIPEE
摘要：Two displacement sensors,  preferably magnetic (C1, C2) are separated,  preferably by a right angle sight a measuring track in a rotor (1). Measurements are taken at operating speed and at a lower speed such that parasitic effects only are represented and true rotor vibration is obtained by difference using recording,  digitizing and processing equipment (4, 5).
申请日：1997-09-15
申请人：TOTAL RAFFINAGE DISTRIBUTION
424、Quartz glass preform production for optical fibre manufacture
摘要：Production of a quartz glass preform involves supplying a liquid glass starting material to an injection nozzle of a multi-nozzle deposition burner to cause atomisation or gasification of the material,  mixing the material with an oxygen-containing gas to form SiO2 particles,  depositing the particles on a substrate to form a porous preform and then sintering. The deposition burner is supplied with an atomising gas which creates a reduced pressure in the region of the opening of the injection nozzle (6).  Also claimed is an apparatus for carrying out the above process,  the apparatus including an atomising gas supply nozzle (7) which is located adjacent the injection nozzle (6) and which has a nozzle opening extending in a plane (12) beyond the injection nozzle opening as viewed in the atomising gas feed direction.
申请日：1997-06-19
申请人：HERAEUS QUARZGLAS GMBH
425、First component and a second component for etching alloy plasma processing method
摘要：[Configured] on a substrate without an ore residue etchant for etching method in multi-component alloy,  including electrode and a plasma plasma generator (a) introduced into the chamber and are the positioning of a substrate at,  (b) a dissociated cl+ plasma ion and the non a dissociated cl2 plasma ion ionization to form said capable chlorine-containing gas to chlorine-containing gas justice nautical mile ,  which may increase the volume of inert gas flow rate ratio for machining gas processing which it has a (vr) introducing a chamber,  and (c) number 1 of the power levels rf formed on applied to plasma generator current,  number 2 of the power levels of the plasma electrode current rf on substrate by applied to dynamic impacts it in a plasma to form said processing gas include a the,  chlorine containing a process gas are ionized and said said a dissociated cl+ cl2 a dissociated the conductor and a non-plasma ion plasma ion ratio of the least 0.6 : 1 to said number 2 power level (pr) power ratio of the power levels said number 1 and said volume (vr) by selecting (vr) quantity expense said is formed of residue etchant on a substrate at least about 500 nanometer/min. to etch rate method performing etching of multi-component alloy.
申请日：1997-02-05
申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INC; Applied Materials Inc
426、PLASMA TREATMENT AND PLASMA TREATING DEVICE
摘要：[Configured] D process chamber light to gas radio frequencies is generated using a plasma process chamber re enshrining frame of the board member is said photocatalytic food waste disposer is provided and carried out plasma treatment of substrate,  after said to stop application of high frequency,  said substrate in the process chamber gas atmosphere comprising heavy hydrogen of said warmed and a step for a predetermined time to,  then,  said processing chamber after the oxidization from said substrate to plasma processing method characterized by a fixed aggregates.
申请日：1996-12-26
申请人：KOKUSA ELECTRIC CO LTD
427、Method for forming storage node of semiconductor device
摘要：[Configured] in method for forming storage node of semiconductor device,  semiconductor substrate of silicon oxide film formed on the [...] ,  said hole by etching partially the filler and method stage for [...] interlayer dielectric,  a total structure of tungsten to applying with a fixed thickness on a bottom layer and a,  upper adhesive layer tungsten said said contact hole is of depositing W on surge completes while depositing an a certain height and allowed,  a photoresist layer is applied on on top and forming a photoresist pattern,  on the photoresist layer pattern as a mask to the lower tungsten at dry etching for etching adhesive layer [...] said and method stage,  again removing a photosensitive layer is upper tungsten said gasket [...] for electrodes for the embodiment etching characterized by comprising to method for forming storage node of semiconductor device.
申请日：1996-06-29
申请人：HYNIX SEMICONDUCTOR INC
428、capacitor of semiconductor device and it.s fabrication method
摘要：Doped impurity diffusion region is [configured] B the semiconductor substrate,  having,  formed in the substrate semiconductor said impurity diffusion region on said interlayer isolation loaded on the same plane actually,  along the upper edge of the contact hole a insulation layer anti-ring lower electrode number 1-shaped (half ring),  said surface of the substrate layer exposed through the contact hole is,  contact hole wall and number 1 number 2 a plate electrode is formed on lower electrode,  a dielectric layer plate electrode is formed on said number 1,  2,  comprises an upper electrode a in being stratiform formation dielectric said a processes is simplified and characterized by capacitor structure of semiconductor device.
申请日：1996-04-12
申请人：HYUNDAI MICRO ELECTRONICS CO LTD
429、Distributed control system (DCS) and the high the best brains programmable logic controller interface (Hibrain PLC) method
摘要：Programmable logic configuration Quorum a high-resistance distributed control system provides method for interfacing a controller. Distributed control system (10) upon occurrence of control commands is,  interface protocol package (20) has a distributed control system control commands from the graphic signal processing part converts the distributed control system which is subsystem of user assigned to the ' 1'  table.  At this time,  interface protocol package (20) the output message buffer (24) after establishing a the recording instructions.  This data programmable logic controller (30) communication modules (32) and outputs the,  input,  output module (34) by and outputs it to outside through the device,  external device are to control.  Programmable logic controller' s mouth,  output module pixel is from an external device,  is drives the communication module and outputs the,  interface protocol package programmable logic controller communication modules (32) to be displayed when the data from,  input message buffer (22) sets and,  wherein data is recorded in a after,  written to the buffer is made an input message package interface protocol data S [...] memory the interlayer buffer,  and writes the data in a table. Computer useful and used for constructing integrated production system.
申请日：1995-10-27
申请人：SAMSUNG HEAVY IND CO LTD
430、Preparation processes diisopinocanfeilcloroborano and of reducing a ketone proquiral
摘要：The present invention relates to an improved process for the in situ preparation of diisopinocampheylchloroborane which comprises reacting sodium borohydride and boron trichloride with  alpha -pinene. The diisopinocampheylchloroborane thus obtained may be used,  without isolation,  to reduce prochiral ketones to their corresponding alcohols in high optical purity.
申请日：1995-08-07
申请人：MERCK CO INC
431、METHOD FOR FORMING METAL WIRING IN SEMICONDUCTOR DEVICE
摘要：[Purpose] semiconductor sealing following etching of a strong oxidative gas and CF4 using mixed gases made of the ozone gas the second contact holes after etching the perform by,  substituted during remaining carbon atoms to a polymer build-up to the inhibit CF3. [Configured] on a substrate metal film is deposited to photoresist layer to form the photoresist pattern after,  BCl3/Cl2 mask same metal film as gas that selectively etches and metal of forming a wiring pattern with and,  ozone (O3) gas CF4 gas 5%-20% total gas flow manufactured by mixing of perform post etched using by,  be dried quickly after use while substituted F * Cl* to CO carbon atoms,  CO2,  is volatilized in the form COF2 inhibit generation of polymer.
申请日：1995-03-27
申请人：HYNIX SEMICONDUCTOR INC
432、Device and method for thereof and an indicia substrate
摘要：Substrate for fixing holder and electrically substrate comprises an the charge element to the ground terminal grounded,  contaminant is and then deposited on a substrate on the substrate is for making type S40 to can be. Thereof and an indicia substrate a device suitable for a holder for fixing a substrate electrically and a substrate includes a ground.  At least one needle electrodes are formed upon a substrate by placed proximate to has tips,  a gap is between the root and the substrate and is enabled.  High voltage source,  an electrode tip gap inside the current to the light-emitting element the ion gas is adapted to strike a substrate gas forms indicia a the.
申请日：1994-06-29
申请人：APPLIED MATERIALS INCORPORATED
433、CADMIUM PRODUCTION METHOD
摘要：FIELD :  non-ferrous metallurgy. SUBSTANCE :  cupric sulfide is loaded in carbonate smelt under temperature of 873 - 1520 C and kept for 1 - 4.5 hours. EFFECT :  production of copper from cupric sulfide without carbon reducer usage and decrease of outgoing gases volume from smelt of alkaline metals salts.
申请日：1994-06-29
申请人：Institut vysokotemperaturnoj ehlektrokhimii Ural' skogo otdelenija RAN
434、Employing [...][...] for the preparation of a medicament for the control of the DS
摘要：PCT No. PCT/EP94/01037 Sec. 371 Date Dec. 18,  1995 Sec. 102(e) Date Dec. 18,  1995 PCT Filed Apr. 2,  1994 PCT Pub. No. WO95/00168 PCT Pub. Date Jan. 5,  1995Described are LHRH-antagonistic and bombesin-antagonistic nona- and decapeptides suitable for use in the preparation of a drug for the treatment of AIDS and ARC as well as for use in the preparation of an immunostimulation drug.
申请日：1994-04-02
申请人：ASTA MEDICA AG
435、Device and method for contactless measuring of the liners cast iron pipes
摘要：The device comprises a dual sensor unit (BC2),  wherein the first sensor (1a) measures the distance from the unit to the metal surface of the pipe and the second sensor (3a) measures the distance up to the surface of the coating. The first sensor is an eddy current sensor and the second sensor (3a) is a laser diode sensor. The device further comprises a second sensor unit (BC1) identical to the first (BC2),  which calibrates the eddy current sensor (1a) of the first unit (BC2) on the metal surface of the uncoated pipe. The two sensor units (BC1 and BC2) are connected to means (5,  6,  7) for processing the measurements supplied by the sensors.
申请日：1993-06-30
申请人：PONT A MOUSSON
436、method for manufacturing fine metal articles and ceramic powders
摘要：[Purpose] metal compound and a reactant gas phase with the microparticle by the chemical vapor deposition reactor of metal articles and ceramic powders relates to manufacturing method. [Configured] additional compounds metal compound or reactants to a reaction in reacting into a gaseous state in,  wall prevent homogeneously directly on gas while a contaminated gas phase for condensing the then,  by separating the outer and inner reaction from the hydrocyanation medium to prepare fine metal articles and ceramic powders.  Boric ester metal compound,  borane,  halogenated silane,  silane which can be used,  reactant include hydrogen,  hydrazine,  amine,  alkane,  aryl,  use can be made of,  or the like. [Effect]
申请日：1993-04-30
申请人：STARCK H C GMBH CO KG
437、Method forming metal line
摘要：The invention refers to is a metal wiring is formed of high integrated semiconductor device membrane using dry when to the metallic layer formed on a plurality of points on sidewall has an interior where a is formed in the insulation layer in a method. Method on the insulating film of a semiconductor substrate is metal layer on the substrate of the,  thereof and a photoresist pattern is formed on the,  same by etching the metal film using the mask after forming an interlayer dielectric at the resultant,  dry etching method the photoresist layer is eliminated,  etching (BCl3) diluted with ions using the remaining sidewall layer is a selective etching high voltage.
申请日：1991-12-13
申请人：HYUNDAI ELECTRONICS CO
438、Method for interconnecting layers in a semiconductor device
摘要：A method for interconnecting layers in a semiconductor device is disclosed. The device includes a lower conductive layer (100) formed by capping a second conductive layer (100b) on a first conductive layer (110a),  a contact window formed in an inter-insulating layer (20) on the lower conductive layer (100),  and an upper conductive layer (200) connected to the lower conductive layer (100) through the contact window. The contact window is formed by removing a portion of the inter-insulating layer (20) where the contact will be formed using a first etching gas e.g. a fluorine mixture,  and removing a portion of the second conductive layer (100b) where the contact will be formed using a second etching gas e.g. a chlorine mixture. The contact resistance becomes uniform by preventing the formation of a non-volatile mixture in the contact window,  and the reliability of the device is improved by planarizing the surface of the lower conductive layer (100).
申请日：1991-11-20
申请人：SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS CO LTD
439、Method of preparation of a oligoside per depolymerization of a polyoside resulting from an disease-causing agent,  oligoside thus obtained and its use in particular as vaccine agent
摘要：An oligoside derived from an antigen polyoside obtained from a pathogenic agent,  a method for its preparation,  and its use particularly as a vaccinal agent. The oligoside is prepared by means of an oxidation-reduction depolymerisation reaction.
申请日：1991-10-10
申请人：PASTEUR MERIEUX SERUMS VACC
441、MAGAZINE FOR LOCATING STACKS OF SHEET BLANKS
摘要：The invention relates to mechanization of plastic working of metals.  It may be used at stamping parts from piece sheet blanks.  Purpose of the-expansion of technological capabilities,  reduced metal consumption,  diffusion lu yield.  Magazine includes g-shaped base 1,  on which bushings are secured 13 and 14.  In the latter are located vertical g-shaped wall with possibility of adjustable movement in horizontal flat sti and turning.  Vertical part walls has cavity,  in which are g-shaped rods 3,  which are adjusted in height.  G-shaped rods 3 and base 1 in points of contact with blank have rubber gaskets.  On vertical part of walls are arranged turnable plates,  adjustable in vertical flat sti.  Device allows rejection during transportation. 1 3. u.  2 cl,  7 dwg.
申请日：1988-11-09
申请人：NAUCHNO PROIZVODSTVENNOE OBEDINENIE PO TEKHNOLOGII MASHINOSTROENIYA DLYA ZHIVOTNOVODSTVA I KORMOPROIZVODSTVA "ROSTNIITM"
442、Silicon containing metal layer selectively forming method
摘要：Contact hole in upper surface of exposed high melting point layer conductive or aluminum and mainly containing a metal is a conductor and can selectively form an electrolessly plated metal,  low temperature silicon oxide layer deposited or grown selectively forming conductive layer adhesion strength wires collectively lie,  is,  thereby increasing the reliability conducting layer that consists of a method. Reaction gas a silicone hydride gas and metal hlide as a low pressure on a substrate by chemical vapor deposition on the surface insulator and semiconductor surface or deposit a silicon-containing forming a metallic layer in method,  a silicone hydride metal halide and device for controlling flow rate of is the ratio of the flow rate of gas is set in 2 or hereinafter,  deposition temperature also C hereinafter set to 200 silicon containing metal layer the wet-etching.  Said semiconductor surface or call the opened contact insulating layer on an insulator layer or exposed surface in first conducting sidewall spacer surface of,  silicon containing metal layer tungsten,  molybdenum,  titanium,  tantalum,  platinum and palladium is selected from the group consisting of.
申请日：1988-08-24
申请人：FUJITSU LTD
443、RIPPING WORKING MEMBER
摘要：The invention relates to agricultural mashinostroeniyu ,  in other words to working tools tillage machines designed for loosening the soil without disturbance of its surface structure.  Purpose of the invention is improvement of soil crumbling.  Loosening working tool has tine 1,  fixed on it knife 2,  cutting edge which is inclined at acute angles to vertical,  and shoe 3.  Behind post 1,  at one side with inclined part knife 2,  is located balancing device 4 with turning axis,  combined with longitudinal axis 5 of shoe 3,  the balancing device 4 is made in the form of share 6,  angle α cutting which increases to free its cut.  Share 6 is installed on shoe 3 for turning relative to its longitudinal axis 5.  Besides,  symmetrically of tubers 6 relative to longitudinal axis 5 of shoe 3 is additional share 7.  Balancing device 4 is fixed on the back side 8 of shoe 3 by means of retainers 9.  Front edge of post 1 is provided with reversible cutting element 10.  To foot 3 to front part knife 2 chisel fixed 11.  Balancing device 4 may be spring-loaded torsion spring and it also performs the functions of field board.  During operation of lemekhi 6 and 7 may accept different position :  full depth of loosening depth of loosening of the first layer,  when additional share 7 is installed horizontally.  Share 6 operates in mode shchelevatelya with formation of drained loosened channel in lower part of treated layer of. 1 3. u.  2 cl,  2 dwg.
申请日：1988-01-21
申请人：AZERBAJDZHANSKIJ NAUCHNO ISSLEDOVATELSKIJ INSTITUT MEKHANIZATSII I ELEKTRIFIKATSII SELSKOGO KHOZYAJSTVA
444、POLYNOMIAL OPERATOR IN THE WELSHMAN BODIES AND PROCESSOR OF TREATMENT OF NUMERIC SIGNAL COMPRISING SUCH AN OPERATOR
摘要：L'  POLYNOMIAL OPERATOR IN the WELSHMAN BODIES FOLLOWING the INVENTION EAST ORGANIZES IN THREE LEVELS :  - A LEVEL OF MULTIPLEXERS M0,  M1 TO SELECT AND TRANSMIT TO the REGISTERS Of a SECOND LEVEL the OPERANDS TO BE USED FOR the SUCCESSIVE STAGES OF CALCULATION;  - A SECOND LEVEL KNOWN AS OF “PIPE LINE” WHICH COMPRISES THREE REGISTERS OF R0 ROCKERS,  R 1,  R 2 TO PUT IN MEMORY the OPERANDS SELECT ON the FIRST LEVEL;  - ONE THIRD LEVEL,  FOR the CALCULATION,  WHICH COMPRISE a MULTIPLIEUR-ADDITIONNER MAG WHOSE ENTRIES X,  THERE AND Z ARE RELIEES AT the EXITS OF the REGISTERS AND WHO PROVIDES the COEFFICIENTS OF the POLYNOMIALS RESULTING IN the WELSHMAN BODIES BY ALWAYS CARRYING OUT SAME CALCULATION X (there Z) PER REPETITION OF the SAME INSTRUCTION OF COMMANDE.CET APPLICABLE OPERATOR EAST IN NUMERICAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS FOR the CODING AND the DECODING OF the ERROR CORRECTING CODES BCH OR RS (REED SOLOMON) AND ALLOWS the REALIZATION Of a JUST PROCESSOR LIKELY TO TREAT NUMERICAL DATA In the form of OCTETS.
申请日：1986-10-22
申请人：THOMSON CSF
445、INDUSTRIAL FACILITY OF STORAGE AND DISTRIBUTION OF PRODUCTS HAS LARGE SCALES
摘要：Des racks of dynamic storage is provided,  in position chosen,  of detectors of absence of parcels,  connected by optocoupleurs to points of a matrix 70,  whose columns are questioned by a decoder 72,  and the lines analyzed by a multiplexer 73. These information forward by connector 75 to be applied to concentrator which tests the constancy of detected information,  then transmits this one to station central,  which draws up a printed list of information allowing the restocking of the racks which reached minimal stock,  and actuates an alarm.  (CF DRAWING IN BOPI)
申请日：1986-02-04
申请人：SEBTY SARL
446、INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINE
摘要：The invention relates to engine structure and-reduced toxicity of exhaust gases.  Displacer (in) 4 piston and neck (g) 5 prechamber have slots and projections,  am the giver-iii,  s which are parallel to the axis of the cylinder.  Projections 4 and slots g 5 are made sharply limit and equidistant,  which makes shifting of the piston to exclude contacts in 4 with surface g 5.  In 4 and L 5 are made from porous material and are coated catalyst 7.  Increased surface of contact of the charge with catalyst reduces level of isolation of toxic components in exhaust gases approximately 15/about without deterioration of economy. 1 3. u.  2 cl,  2 dwg.  (L 00 oo about with Figure 1
申请日：1985-09-23
申请人：VOROSHILOVGRADSKIJ MASHINOSTROITELNYJ INSTITUT
447、DEVICE ON THE cONTINUOUS COURSES FOR wRITE -AND pRINTING ELEMENTSpROMOTE OF
摘要：A continuous web feeder for printers and the like includes side frames,  drive and support shafts for the feed tractors,  and a cutter wheel movable between the side frames and rotatable as it moves therebetween to cut the web. A drive unit includes an electric motor to effect to transverse and rotary motion,  and control means actuated by operation of the printer to actuate the motor for movement of the cutter from one side frame to the other and to change the direction of rotation of the motor at each cycle and thereby the direction of movement of the cutter wheel. In its preferred form,  the drive means includes winch and cord means engaged with the cutting wheel and its support to effect the transverse and rotary motion,  and the control means includes an actuator operated by the motor to effect operation of switches.
申请日：1984-05-16
申请人：DUBOIS R CLARK
448、An electrochemical cell including an electrolyte-complex 2-SO.
摘要：A non-aqueous electrochemical cell having a solid active cathode,  an active metal anode and a low vapor pressure highly conductive electrolyte comprising a liquid solvate-complex of sulfur dioxide (SO2) and an alkali or alkaline earth metal salt soluble therein such as those having a Group 3 element halide anion,  with the equivalent ratio of salt to SO2 in said electrolyte ranging from about 1 : 1 to 1 : 7.
申请日：1983-08-08
申请人：DURACELL INTERNATIONAL INC TARRYTOWN N Y US
449、Process for depositing an electrode and a protective layer on a substrate
摘要：In a process for depositing an electrode and a porous protective layer on a substrate,  the electrode material is deposited by vapour deposition or cathode-beam sputtering. Immediately after depositing the electrode material,  the metal whose oxide is to form the protective layer is deposited in the same way as the electrode material and the entire combination is then thermally treated in air in order to achieve complete oxide formation. This process enables the plasma-jet technology normally used for the porous protective layer to be eliminated,  and in addition,  the structure of the electrode deposited beforehand is not stressed to the same extent as in the plasma-jet technology.
申请日：1983-04-21
申请人：ROBERT BOSCH GMBH
451、Distributed microprocessor system for telecommunications control - has microprocessors at subscriber equipment interfaces communicating with switching system through time share selector
摘要：SYSTEME TEMPORAL OF TEMPORAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS.SYSTEME OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS INTENDS TO CONNECT BETWEEN THEM,  USING NUMERIC SIGNALS AGENCIES IN WORDS HOMING HEADS MULTIPLEX IN TIME,  OF the VARIOUS EQUIPMENT WHICH IS READY TO TRANSFORM the WORDS EXCHANGES OF INFORMATION OF VARIOUS NATURES.LE SYSTEM ACCORDING TO the INVENTION COMPRISES AT LEAST a SWITCH OF CIRCUITS AND MESSAGES WHOSE SWITCHING NETWORK 1A POSSIBLY DUPLICATES EAST CONNECTS BY PRIMARY EDUCATION BUSES 5L 5L HAS VARIOUS COUPLERS SPECIALIZE 2C WHICH SE SHARE THEIR USE IN the TIME AND WHICH SERVES VARIOUS EQUIPMENT 3 FOR WHICH THEY ENSURE the BIJECTIVE CONVERSION OF the SIGNALS EMITTED INTO WORDS HOMING HEADS AND OF the WORDS HOMING HEADS IN SIGNALS USABLE BY the EQUIPMENT 3.L'  INVENTION RELATES TO the TELECOMMUNICATIONS.
申请日：1981-04-03
申请人：TELEPHONIE IND COMMERCIALE
452、Process and apparatus for the saccharification of cellulose materials,  such as wood and wood waste,  as well as annual plants such as straw etc.,  by hydrolysis with dilute acids at elevated temperatures and pressures,  and washing out the sugar,  which is formed in each case,  under considerably milder temperature and pressure conditions to obtain sugar solutions which are fed to the fermentation to alcohol as fuel,  where appropriate obtaining by-products
摘要：Process for the saccharification of cellulose material such as wood and wood waste,  and process for the prehydrolysis of annual plants such as straw,  bagasse,  bamboo etc.,  and for the cellolignin hydrolysis of these annual plants,  and washing out the obtained sugar solutions outside the percolator by means of a reciprocal pusher centrifuge,  after which first the hexoses contained in the sugar solution are fermented by means of Saccharomyces cerevisiae in a continuous fermentation apparatus to alcohol,  with return of the yeast suspension which has been separated off from the fermented mash to the automatic fermenter,  removal of the alcohol by distillation in a first continuous mash column,  return of the pentose-containing residue from this in a continuous fermentation apparatus for fermentation of the pentoses by means of a special fungus with return of the special fungi which have been separated off from the fermented mash to the automatic fermenter,  removal of the resulting alcohol by distillation in a second continuous mash column,  where the preconcentrated alcohol vapour from the two mash columns is concentrated to 96% by volume alcohol in a rectifier column. Protection is also sought for an apparatus for emptying the resulting lignin residue from the percolator by means of a cyclone,  where the expansion vapour produced in the cyclone is drawn off from the top of the cyclone and condensed in a downstream vessel for heating the washing water required in the subsequent process.
申请日：1981-03-02
申请人：PERCOLYSIS VERFAHRENSTECHNIK GMBH
456、Indolo-(3, 2-b)-quinuclidine derivs. - are useful as antidepressants and anxiolytics
摘要：Quinuclidine derivs. for formula (I) and their salts with acids and bases are new,  (R1=H,  opt. branched,  opt. substd. alkyl or opt. branched 4-14C cycloalkylalkyl(in both cases an alkyl CH2 can be replaced by O and/or opt. substd. N and/or CO),  or opt. branched aralkyl or aralkenyl (in the alkylene chain a CH2 can be replaced by O,  CO or opt. substd. N),  or R1 is opt. substd. aryl or opt. branched,  opt. substd. heterocyclyl=alkyl having 3-8 ring members with 1 or 2 of them S,  O or opt..substd. N. R21R31R4 and R5=H,  opt. branched and opt. substd. lower alkyl or alkoxy,  3-7C cyclo=alkyl,  opt. substd. aryl,  halo NO2,  lower alkylthio,  OH,  opt. substd. aryloxy or aralkoxy a 3-7 membered heterocycle with 1 or 2 hetero=atoms,  COOH (opt. substd. by alkyl,  aralkyl,  aryl or cycloalkyl) or is carbamido or sulphonomido both opt. substd. by alkyl,  aralkyl,  aryl or cycloalkyl). They are made by reacting the appropriate phenylhydrazine hydrochloride with 3-quinuclidinone. (I) have CNS,  esp antidepressant and anxiolytic,  activity and are more effective and less toxic than e.g. nomifensin. They are administered at 0.3-3,  esp. 1-2,  mg/kg per day in unit doses of esp. 0.3-0.6 mg/kg.
申请日：1978-12-20
申请人：TROPONWERKE GMBH CO KG
458、Priming circuit for low pressure fluorescent tube - compensates for mains fluctuations using thyristor control switching as function for electrode potential difference
摘要：A priming circuit for a low pressure gas discharge tube ensures reliable ignition even with fluctuations in the mains supply or tolerance deviation,  of the tube. This helps to increase the effective life. The electrodes of the tube are heated by a current. They are connected in series with a choke and with a switching element which is in the non-conducting mode when the tube is ignited. The switching element (5) can be switched over from the conducting to the non-conducting mode as a function of the electrode voltage appertaining between the two electrodes (2) when the tube (1) is not ignited. The switching element is controlled by pulses drived from a controlled rectifier,  shunted by a capacitor (9).
申请日：1978-11-11
申请人：NEMECTRON GMBH
460、APPARATUS AND METHOD TO APPLY A LID HAVE ONE LIMPS
摘要：L'  invention relates to an apparatus and a method to form a lid around a box filled open in top by using an outline prefabricated punt. Selon the invention,  a box is raised by an elevator against an outline of lid whose leaves are folded against the box. When the elevator with the box arrives in a higher position,  the box is transferred on a platform. The elevator already goes down to seek another box while the formation of the lid of the preceding box is supplemented on the platform. Application with the packing of paper eveloppées. oars
申请日：1977-07-04
申请人：HAYSSEN MANUFACTURING CY
463、METHOD FOR PRODUCING eTHERS
摘要：of the disclosure :  Oxalkylene groups of oxacycloalkanes are inserted into chain-type ethers by reacting the latter with the oxacycloalkanes in the presence of Lewis acids. The ethers or ether mixtures obtained can be used for many purposes owing to their hydrophilic-hydrophobic character,  for example as absorption and extraction agents,  as solvents and as additives to hydraulic fluids.
申请日：1976-09-09
申请人：HOECHST AG
464、LASER ISOTOPE SEPARATION BY MULTIPLE PHOTON ABSORPTION
摘要：1503401 Isotopic enrichment using laser radiation UNITED STATES ENERGY RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION 25 March 1976 [22 April 1975] 11950/76 Heading C1A [Also in Division G6] Values are enriched in a particular isotope of an  element by irradiating a fluid containing a first molecular species having two or more isotopes of the element with infra-red laser radiation of a frequency which selectively excites molecular species of a given isotope to a first lower vibrational level,  the same laser beam having sufficient intensity to then produce multiplephoton absorption (term defined) from the first lower vibrational level to a plurality of higher vibrational levels,  at which level the molecules containing the particular isotope undergo chemical reaction;  the reaction products so formed are separated from the fluid. The fluid is preferably a gas containing polyatomic molecules having four or more atoms. The gas may also contain a second chemical species which is substantially unreactive towards the laser radiation and the unexcited first molecular species,  but reacts with the latter when excited to the higher vibrational levels. The chemical reaction may result in the first molecular species dissociating,  in which case the second chemical species reacts selectively with at least one of the reaction products of the dissociation. Specifically a method is described of separating S isotopes by irradiating a gaseous mix of SF 6  and H 2  with pulsed CO 2  infra-red laser radiation,  the radiation being sufficiently intense to produce multiple photon absorption,  the excited SF 6  species reacting with H 2  and thereby separated from the unexcited (non reacted) species. Other volatile halides disclosed having spectral characteristics similar in nature to the infra-red CO 2  laser radiation are SiF 4 ,  CH 3 F,  BCl 3 ,  NF 3  and CF 2 Cl 2 ,  each halide may be admixed with H 2  prior to radiation.
申请日：1976-03-25
申请人：US ENERGY RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION
466、Antiallergic and detoxicant mucoprotide from tissue autolysates - produced by precipitating proteins and treating with acetone
摘要：In the prepn.,  (a) a dil. aq. soln. of the mucoprotide components is produced by autolysis of the starting material,  precipitating precipitable proteins with dilute lead acetate and dilute ammonium sulphate,  and sepn. of the supernatant;  (b) the aq. soln. is treated with acetone to form 3 layers;  (c) the upper and middle layers are sepd. from the lower layer;  (d) the two upper layers from (c) are heated to ppte unstable and antigenic substances;  and (e) the ppte is sepd. off and discarded. A new mucoprotide prod. is produced from liver parenchyma,  placenta,  yeast or other natural sources and chiefly consists of protides such as protein and protein hydrolysates with a ca. 0.1-40% mucoid content. The mucoprotide shows a marked saddle in the IR spectrum at a wave number between ca. 1000 and 1200. T' e mucoprotide product is useful for the treatment of Allergies and hypersensitivities,  toxic states,  undesired side-effects of drugs,  drug-dependence and alcoholism. It is particularly useful when the disorder to be treated is accompanied or caused by damaged liver function. The product may be administered orally or parenterally.
申请日：1975-10-03
申请人：KARLER ARTHUR; REAM MILTON PARKE
468、Toy cash registers or calculators - has each key producing light image of its numeral or sign
摘要：The toy consists of a case (1) with a panel (2) at the front where the keys (4) are situated. Each key is joined to one end of a lever (6) at the other end of which is attached a light coloured or phosphorescent plate (8). When the key is depressed this plate goes up into a dark chamber (14) formed by a solid screen (13) at the back. A partition (10),  visible from the exterior,  is cut out in the numerals or signs corresponding to the keys,  so that when the plate appears behind this partition the appropriate numeral or sign is visible.
申请日：1975-07-03
申请人：MOQUIN BREUIL
469、COMPOSITION AND METHOD FOR [...] OR pRINT on OF sYNTHETIC FIBER MATERIALS
摘要：A synthetic fiber material is continuously dyed or printed by contacting with a dye bath comprising a water-insoluble dye and at least one member of polyoxyethylene derivatives,  such as    AND GLYCERIN DERIVATIVES,  SUCH AS     and subjecting the resulting fiber material to a dry or wet heat treatment,  whereby the fiber material is dyed or printed with a deep color and with prevention of migration of the dye.
申请日：1975-06-30
申请人：SUMITOMO CHEMICAL CO
470、Clamping device for rigidly securing workpieces with multiple curved faces
摘要：1485417 Workpiece supporting AVONDALE SHIPYARDS Inc 8 Aug 1974 [20 Aug 1973] 17889/77 Divided out of 1485416 Heading B3B A workpiece,  e.g. a large marine propeller,  is supported for machining by support members 210 bolted to a worktable,  the workpiece being adhesively fastened to the support members 210 so that the surface to be machined is free from areas covered by gripping means. The adhesive is a thermosetting epoxy resin of a tensile strength of at least 4000 lb./sq. in. Strip heaters are embedded in the adhesive to effect releasing of the workpiece.
申请日：1974-08-19
申请人：AVONDALE SHIPYARDS INC NEW ORLEANS LA (V ST A )
471、METHOD OF PRODUCING A HIGH STRENGTH CONCRETE LIFTING DEVICE FOR BALES
摘要：1436865 High strength concrete JAPANESE NATIONAL RAILWAYS and DENKI KAGAKU KOGYO KK 27 Sept 1973 [27 Sept 1972] 45319/73 Heading C1H A high strength concrete is produced by blending 500-700 kg cement (e.g. Portland),  2-13 wt. per cent (based on the cement) of calcium - sulphoaluminate hydrate - forming mineral powders,  water such that the water/ cement ratio is 18  :  100 to 35  :  100,  and 0à3-5 wt. per cent (based on the cement) of at least one surfactant selected from sulphuric acid esters,  polyhydric alcohols,  condensates of naphthalene sulphonate and formalin,  and ethylene oxide additives.
申请日：1973-09-27
申请人：JAPANESE NATIONAL RAILWAYS; DENKI KAGAKU KOGYO KK
472、RADIO SUPPRESSORS
摘要：1400227 Component assemblies SIEMENS AG 7 Dec 1972 [22 Dec 1971] 56591/72 Heading H1R [Also in Division H3] A radio suppressor for use in a three phase network comprises for each of the three phase lines,  capacitors and a choke connected in a # network,  the capacitors 2 being located at diagonally opposite corners of a baseplate 1 and the chokes 6,  7 being located at the centre of the baseplate. The baseplate is mounted in a splash proof housing 11 sealed by a cover and provided with splash proof devices 14 for connecting a mains cable to terminals 9 and a load cable to terminals 4. The suppressor is suitable for use in car washing plants.
申请日：1972-12-07
申请人：SIEMENS AG
473、PROCESS FOR THE PREPARATION OF ORGANOALUMINIUM HALIDES OR  ALCOHOLATES AND TRIORGANOBORANES
摘要：1342611 Organoaluminium halides & alcoholates;  triorganoborances TEXAS ALKYLS Inc 30 Sept 1971 [20 Oct 1970] 45543/71 Headings C2B and C2J - An organoaluminium halide or alcoholate of formula R 2 AlZ or RAlZ 2  and a triorganoborane BR 3  are simultaneously prepared by admixing BZ 3  with R 3 Al,  where R is C 1-16  aliphatic,  cyoloaliphatic or aromatic hydrocarbyl and Z is F,  Cl,  Br,  I or a C 1-20  aliphatic,  cycloaliphatic or aromatic alcoholate radical,  and distilling the reaction product to remove the triorganoborane. The reaction is effected in a molar ratio of R 3 Al  :  BZ 3  of 3  :  1 or 3  :  2 to give the di- or mono-organoaluminium respectively. It is usually effected at- 50? to 350? C. in a triorganoborane,  aromatic or aliphatic hydrocarbon,  an ether or a tertiary amine as solvent. The following compounds are prepared in the examples,  the asterisked Al compounds being claimed "per se" :  (a) BEt 3 /Et 2 AlF;  (b) B(i-Bu) 3  with (i-Bu) 2 AlF,  (i-Bu) 2 AlOEt,  (i-Bu) 2 AlO-i-C 3 H 7  or i-Bu-Al(OEt) 2 *;  (c) (n-C 6 H 13 ) 3 B/(n-C 6 H 13 ) 2 AlF* ;  (d) B(n-Bu) 3  with (n-Bu) 2 AlF* or (n-Bu) 2 AlCl.
申请日：1971-09-30
申请人：TEXAS ALKYLS INC
476、Catalytic Conversion of Tetralin,  Indan and other Materials
摘要：1, 178, 735. Cyclic hydrocarbons. SUN OIL CO. 15 March,  1967 [15 March,  1966],  No. 12144/67. Addition to 1, 024, 500. Heading C5E. The following hydrocarbon conversion reactions are carried out in the presence of HF and BCl 3  in amounts of at least 5,  and at least 0à5 moles,  respectively,  per mole of starting material : - (1) tetralin to (a) sym-octahydroanthracene and sym-octahydrophenanthrene together with benzene at 15-130? C.,  or (b) a mixture of phenyltetralylbutanes,  the -6 isomer predominating,  at - 100? to 15? C.;  (2) indane to (a) as-hydrindacene together with benzene at 40? to 120? C.,  or (b) a mixture of phenylindanylpropanes,  the -4 isomer predominating,  at - -20? to 80? C.,  or (c) 1-(4-ashydrindacene) - 3 - phenylpropane together with benzene at 20? to 150? C.;  (3) phenyltetralylbutane to octahydroanthracene and octahydrophenanthrene at 15? to 130? C.;  (4) phenylindanylpropane to as-hydrindacene at 40? to 120? C. Similar reactions to the above may also be carried out starting from 1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydroanthracene,  1, 2, 3, 4 - tetrahydrophenanthrene,  1, 2, 3, 4, 9, 10 - hexahydroanthracene and benz- [f]indan. Products of the above reactions may be subjected to the following further reactions : - (A) phenyltetralylbutane may be converted to octahydroanthracene and octahydrophenanthrene by contact with either HF/BCl 3  (i.e. reaction 3 above) or HF/BF 3 ;  (B) phenylindanylpropane may be converted to as-hydrindacene by contact with HF/BCl 3  (i.e. reaction 4 above) or HF/BF3;  (C) sym-octahydroanthracene and sym-octahydrophenanthrene may be separated by distillation and/or crystallization,  and either may then be isomerized to the other under appropriate conditions using HF/BCl 3  or HF/BF 3  catalyst;  (D) sym octahydroanthracene and syw-octahydrophenanthrene may be dehydrogenated to anthracene and phenanthrene,  respectively,  by passage over a selenium catalyst at 325? C. In reaction (C),  trans-syn-trans-perhydroanthracene and dodecahydrotriphenylene may be obtained as by-products when isomerizing sym-octahydroanthracene to sym-octahydrophenanthrene.
申请日：1967-03-15
申请人：SUN OIL CO
477、Device of entry and/or exit of spectrometer
摘要：1, 203, 253. Spectrometers. CENTRE NATIONAL DE LA RECHERCHE SCIENTIFIQUE and OFFICE NATIONAL D' ETUDES ET DE RECHERCHES AEROSPATIALES. Aug.22,  1967 [Sept.1,  1966],  No.38645/67. Heading G2J. An input or output device for a grid type spectrometer,  provides,  after dispersion,  signals free from periodic side-structure,  and consists of a random distribution of spaced areas 23 on a support 21 the said areas and the support having first and second radiation conveying characters such as transmission and non- transmission. Areas 23 are parallel and elongated in form and together comprises 40-60% of the total area of the support their shorter dimensions being parallel to the direction of dispersion. The support may be transparent,  opaque or reflective,  as may the randomly spaced areas. A device suitable for an auto-collimation spectrometer has two random sets of areas,  each area in one set having a corresponding area in the other set synmetrically placed about the centre of the device. Such a device is prepared by dropping small white discs,  "confetti",  on to a sticky black,  part spherical,  concave surface (51),  Fig.9 (not shown). The surface (51) is then moved normally to the plane defined by the axis of surface (51) and the optical axis of a camera (54) inclined to the first photographic plate (56) being exposed during this movement. A first random set of elongated images is obtained. The second set is obtained by turning surface (51) through 180 degrees about its axis and further exposing plate (56) during translation of the surface (51). The off-axis exposure corrects for the distortion of the spectrometer.
申请日：1966-09-01
申请人：CENTRE NAT RECH SCIENT; ONERA (OFF NAT AEROSPATIALE)
481、Improvements in or relating to material comprising collagen fibres and the manufacture thereof
摘要：A process of forming material which can be used as a substitute for leather comprises the steps of applying to a non-woven intermeshed fibre mass so that it penetrates thereinto,  an aqueous acidic suspension having a pH not higher than 3,  of swollen distinct fine collagon fibres of microscopic size,  reducing the acidity of the suspension in the fibre mass to a pH not lower than 3.5 and removing water from the swollen collagen fibres whereby the fibres reaggregate into a larger collagen fibre structure interspersed with the intermeshed fibres.  Preferably the pH of the suspension is 0.5 to 3 and the collagen fibres are between 0.001 and 4 millimetres in length.  The percentage of collagen fibres based on the total dry weight of collagen and non-collagenous fibre present may range from 5-90% and is desirably in the range 30-50%.  The suspension may contain a mixture in the ratio of from 2 : 1 to 1 : 2 parts by weight of collagen fibres having a formaldehyde content of from 0.1 to 0.4% and collagen fibres having a higher formaldehyde content e.g. 1.1% giving a resultant formaldehyde content of from 0.65 to 0.8% and a pH value of from 2 to 2.5.  With this mixture the suspension is said to penetrate the fibre batt effectively and to be retained effectively within the batt;  the low formaldehyde content fibres serving as a carrier for the higher formaldehyde content fibres to aid in penetration whilst the higher formaldehyde content fibres impart the desired retention characteristics.  Further the suspension may comprise a mixture of tanned collagen fibres and gelatin in solution or tanned collagen fibres and a cationic surface active agent.  The process may further include the step of treating the reaggregated collagen fibres with a mineral tanning agent.  The non-woven intermeshed fibre materials may be nylon polyacrylic ester fibres,  polyester fibres,  polypropylene fibres,  extruded cellulosic fibres,  natural cotton or longer collagen fibrous material which has been treated e.g. by chrome tanning. Products having a higher collagen content at the surface may be formed by first treating the fibre batt with a collagen suspension having good penetrating ability and thereafter treating the surface of the batt with a suspension having a lower penetration ability.  The resultant product may be coated on one side with a solution in a lower alkyl alcohol of a soluble nylon,  the alcohol allowed to evaporate and the surface perforated as by needling.ALSO : A process of forming material which can be used as a substitute for leather comprises the steps of applying to a non-woven intermeshed fibre mass so that it penetrates thereinto,  an aqueous acidic suspension having a pH not higher than 3,  of swollen distinct fine collagen fibres of microscopic size,  reducing the acidity of the suspension in the fibre mass to a pH not lower than 3.5 and removing water from the swollen collagen fibres whereby the fibres reaggregate into a larger collagen fibre structure interspersed with the intermeshed fibres.  Preferably the pH of the suspension is 0.5 to 3 and the collagen fibres are between 0.001 and 4 millimetres in length.  The percentage of collagen fibres based on the total dry weight of collagen and non-collagenous fibre present may range from 5 to 90% and is desirably in the range 30-50%.  The suspension may contain a mixture in the ratio of from 2 : 1 to 1 : 2 parts by weight of collagen fibres having a formaldehyde content of from 0.1 to 0.4% and collagen fibres having a higher formaldehyde content e.g. 1.1% giving a resultant formaldehyde content of from 0.65 to 0.8% and a pH value of from 2 to 2.5.  With this mixture the suspension is said to penetrate the fibre batt effectively and to be retained effectively within the batt;  the low formaldehyde content fibres serving as a carrier for the higher formaldehyde content fibres to aid in penetration whilst the higher formaldehyde content fibres impart the desired retention characteristics.  Further the suspension may comprise a mixture of tanned collagen fibres and gelatin in solution or tanned collagen fibres and a cationic surface active agent.  The process may further include the step of treating the reaggregated collagen fibres with a mineral tanning agent.  The non-woven intermeshed fibre materials may be nylon,  polyacrylic ester fibres,  polyester fibres,  polypropylene fibres,  extruded cellulosic fibres,  natural cotton or longer collagen fibrous material which has been treated e.g. by chrome tanning. Products having a higher collagen content at the surface may be formed by first treating the fibre batt with a collagen suspension having good penetrating ability and thereafter treating the surface of the batt with a suspension having a lower penetration ability.  The resultant product may be coated on one side with a solution in a lower alkyl alcohol of a soluble nylon,  the alcohol allowed to evaporate and the surface perforated as by needling.
申请日：1963-01-29
申请人：UNITED SHOE MACHINERY CORP
482、Method of epitaxially growing semiconductor material
摘要：A semi-conductor is epitaxially deposited from the halide vapour phase on to selected areas of a substrate which is heated to a temperature below the thermal reaction temperature for epitaxial growth,  by focusing electromagnetic radiation on to the selected areas to increase the activation energy sufficient for epitaxial growth to take place.  The process is applicable to the deposition of germanium,  silicon,  compounds of Group III and Group V such as gallium arsenide,  indium phosphide and aluminium antimonide and also p-type deposits such as boron and N-type deposits such as arsenic. As shown in Fig. 1 a germanium substrate 17 is placed on a quartz jig 16 in a reaction chamber 10 and positioned adjacent to a window 11. An optical system comprising light source 18 and light filter 20 for passing ultra-violet light,  a condensing lens system 19,  a mask 21 and a focusing lens system 22 focuses the apertures in the mask 21 on to the substrate 17 which is first heated to 700 DEG C. in a hydrogen atmosphere to reduce oxides and then reduced to 450 DEG  C.,  i.e. 50 DEG  C. below the reduction temperature of GeCl4. Hydrogen is introduced into the chamber via valve 24,  GeCl4 via valve 25 and 1% of AsCl3 via valve 28.  The substrate is activated in selected areas by the optical system and the epitaxial deposit 31,  32 formed.  A neutral gas such as argon or helium may also be introduced into the chamber via valve 24.  After the required thickness of N-type germanium is formed,  the process is repeated with the same or a different mask and BCl3 is introduced to deposit P-type germanium. Several layers and different patterns may be produced (Fig. 2,  not shown),  and a final passivating film may be formed by forming an oxide film from an atmosph ere of O2 or H2O plus GeCl4 or SiO may be produced by the decomposition of silanes.ALSO : A semi-conductor is epitaxially deposited from the halide vapour phase on to selected areas of a substrate which is heated to a temperature below the thermal reaction temperature for epitaxial growth,  by focusing electromagnetic radiation on to the selected areas to increase the activation energy sufficient for epitaxial growth to take place.  The process is applicable to the deposition of germanium,  silicon,  compounds of Group III and Group V such as gallium arsenide,  indium phosphide and aluminium antimonide and also P type dopants such as boron and N-type dopants such as arsenic.  As shown in Fig. 1,  a germanium substrate 17 is placed on a quartz jig 16 in a reaction chamber 10 and positioned adjacent a window 11.  An optical system comprising light source 18 and light filter 20 for passing ultra-violet light,  a condensing lens system 19,  a mask 21 and a focusing lens system 22 focuses the apertures in the mask 21 on to the substrate 17 which is first heated to 700  DEG C. in a hydrogen atmosphere to reduce oxides and then reduced to 450  DEG C.,  i.e. 50 DEG C. below the reduction temperature of GeCl4. Hydrogen is introduced into the chamber via valve 24,  GeCl4 via valve 25 and 1% of AsCl3 via valve 28.  The substrate is activated in selected areas by the optical system and the epitaxial deposit 31,  32 is formed.  A neutral gas such as argon or helium may also be introduced into the chamber via valve 24.  After the required  thickness of N type germanium is formed,  the process is repeated with the same or a different mask and BCl3 is introduced to deposit P type germanium.  Several layers and different patterns may be produced,  see Fig. 2 (not shown),  and a final passivating film may be formed by forming an oxide film from an atmosphere of O2 or H2O plus GeCl4 or SiO may be produced by the decomposition of silanes.
申请日：1962-12-28
申请人：HUGHES AIRCRAFT CO
484、Process and device of spectral emission and analysis
摘要：1, 043, 258. Arc lamps. INSTITUT DE RECHERCHES DE LA SIDERURGIE FRANCAISE. June 28,  1965 [Aug. 6,  1962],  No. 25774/63. Heading H1X. A method of spectral analysis of material on or forming the electrodes of an arc or spark device comprises repeatedly applying a sequence of different discharges to the material. In embodiments,  (a) the circuit of the electrodes is fed by an A.C. source,  and successive discharges are periodically reproduced in phase with the A.C. source,  (b) elements of different impedance are periodically connected in the supply circuit of the electrodes,  e.g. by a rotating spark gap,  and (c) different current sources are periodically connected to the device. The emission of each type of discharge is measured separately throughout the total duration of the discharges of that type.
申请日：1962-08-06
申请人：SIDERURGIE FSE INST RECH
489、Improvements in automatic telephone exchange systems providing ancilliary services
摘要：793, 948. Automatic exchange systems. TELEPHONE MANUFACTURING CO.,  Ltd. Jan. 19,  1956 [Nov. 3,  1954],  No. 31838/54. Class 40 (4). Special services are available to subscribers in a P.A.X. on the dialling of an appropriate digit or digits into a register which is thereafter unresponsive to further digits,  the register connects the calling line to the special service requested and is then dismissed without disturbance of the connection. The invention is described with reference to Fig. 1 which is schematic. Calls to other subscribers. In a 50- line system a calling line is connected over a line-finder such as PR1 to a feed bridge FB1 having access to a register marker RM. The register marker registers a first digit of 1-5 and a second digit 1-9 or 0. Each connector such as CON1 comprises five electro-mechanical bridges with five banks of contacts, . each bank giving access to two lines,  discrimination between a pair of lines being effected by a switching relay. The register marker uses the second digit first to energize a finger magnet and,  if necessary the switching relay in the appropriate connector CON1 and then uses the first digit to energize the appropriate bridge magnet to complete the connection. Connection to facility services. Facilities such as staff-call,  paging,  tie-line working,  and party-line revertive calling are provided if the subscriber dials a single digit 6-9 or 0. The register marker RM recognizes the digit as being greater than 5 and closes a contact sp1 (Fig. 2,  not shown) so that it does not wait for a second digit. The impulses exceeding 5 are then registered to energize the appropriate one of five bridge magnets in the connector already sized and mark one of five conductors BX5. The bridge magnet,  say that corresponding to level 5,  in CONI extends the marked conductor in the group BX5 to energize the finger magnet 5/1 in the case of facility 5. The marked conductor in the group BX5 is also extended over further contacts of the operated bridge magnet to energize operating magnet FC5 in the facility selecting bridge SEM5 to complete a 3-wire circuit to the desired facility. A relay A (not shown) pulls up to energize TBA1,  so disconnecting the calling line from the feed-bridge FB 1 and releasing the register-marker RM and marking circuits. The operate bridge magnet FC5 selfholds until relay A (not shown) is restored at the end of the call. If the number of connecting circuits is greater than five the additional connecting circuits gain access to the facility circuits over an upper level in the bridges SEMISEM5,  a switching relay discriminating between the upper and lower levels (Fig. 3,  not shown).
申请日：1954-11-03
申请人：TELEPHONE MANUFACTURING COMPANY LIMITED
492、New or improved device for use with umbrellas and the like
摘要：382, 134. Umbrellas. DAVIES,  I. H.,  Palmerston Road,  Wealdstone,  Middlesex. Jan. 12,  1932,  No. 897. [Class 134.] A clip for holding the tips d of the ribs of an umbrella comprises two resilient beads a,  c connected by a resilient annular portion b which is so short that the tipengaging bead a cannot be rolled back thereon,  but is adapted to be rolled back over the bead c to release the tips,  as shown in Fig. 6. The clip may be formed by rolling up and cementing the ends of a length of rubber tubing or it may be formed by moulding,  coating or dipping. The bead a may have a larger or smaller diameter than the bead c and the annular portion may decrease in diameter towards one end. Specification 194, 844,  [Class,  134,  Umbrellas &c.],  is referred to.
申请日：1932-01-12
申请人：IDWAL HUGH DAVIES
494、Improvements in Seats,  Chairs and the like.
摘要：17, 605. Hay,  J. G. July 31. Seat adjustments.-A seat especially suitable for use in motor-cars and other vehicles comprises a back cushion f mounted on a frame e pivotally connected to a seat frame c sliding in guides b. The guides b are pivoted at their rear ends and are adjustably supported in front by a rack j held by catches k mounted on a rod actuated by a handle n. In order to allow for the adjustment of the back when the seat is adjusted,  it is pivoted at its upper end in a slotted bracket i. The seat proper is held in the desired longitudinal position by spring studs p engaging recesses r in the guides b.
申请日：1913-07-31
申请人：JAMES GEORGE HAY
495、Improvements in or relating to Ball Bearings.
摘要：6124. Soc. Frantaise des Roulements ó Bilies. June 7,  1905,  [date applied for under Patents Act,  1901]. Ball bearings.-A ball bearing having two grooved race rings is assembled by arranging the balls in one race and then swinging the inner into the outer race under pressure. The race may be swung about two opposite balls a as pivots as shown in Fig. 6,  or about a single ball placed between the two races c,  j. As shown in Fig. 2,  the outer race is shallower than the inner,  and the sides g may be incliued in order to strengthen the outer ring. The balls may be placed in a cage consisting of a metal ring e with radial holes in which the balls are retained by setting up the metal at the edges f.
申请日：1906-03-13
申请人：SOCIETE FRANCAISE DES ROULEMENTS A BILLES
496、An Improvement in Bedsteads.
摘要：26, 780. Middleton,  F. J.,  and Harker,  F. Nov. 16. Bedsteads.- The pillars of Italian bedsteads are made in two parts A,  B jointed together so as to turn freely by a pin a'  on one part fitting into a socket b in the other. The part A is cast with or fixed to the curtain rod bracket a' ,  and the part B is cast with the bedstead head d b. The wooden pillars of combined wood and metal bedsteads are similarly jointed.
申请日：1897-11-16
申请人：FREDERICK JAMES MIDDLETON; FREDERICK HARKER